sukob neslaganje
pratiti slijediti
aura svjetlo
rotkvica mrkva
kljova dužnost
vozilo motocikl
teletina meso
tipkovnica ruka
ljuljati gurati
rima večera
mjesto područje
otac predak
primirje mir
staklo ormar
dlaka sisavac
uho glava
neprijatelj krokodil
odlediti rastopiti
dušik kisik
smišljati planirati
patka životinja
pisaći_stroj stroj
slon životinja
limuzina glavobolja
prsa tijelo
vrata izlaz
svratište prenoćište
idol osoba
raj pakao
alkohol supstanca
maslac krema
ustati pasti
materijal koža
poreći zdrobiti
dizalica ptica
dobiti nabaviti
zima period
stolica klupa
najlon pamuk
radnica konobarica
pojam ustav
udariti opaliti
živcirati zafrkavati
plivati tonuti
antilop materijal
tamnica dvorac
tehnika znanje
suprug supružnik
supružnik prijatelj
krava životinja
maskirati sakriti
zid prepreka
jorgan pokrivač
rudar radnik
igračka lutka
poučiti obavijestiti
odabrati izabrati
felga kotač
jupiter pluton
bora koža
kanu čamac
metar mjera
znak trag
nedjelja vikend
vrč staklenka
krist isus
instinkt znanje
lanac veza
tipkovnica klavir
smokva hrana
materijal guma
balkon trijem
špic olovka
grana drvo
čekati oklijevati
gusak biologija
ugrabiti zgrabiti
blagoslov odobrenje
tavan kuća
bilješka poruka
imenica pridjev
misao razmišljanje
zadirkivati nastupati
cvijet cvat
jetra biolog
kafić gostionica
miš glodavac
brat obitelj
obala plaža
analizirati upropastiti
svjetlo signal
krađa dodatak
brkovi dlaka
auto automobil
reći tvrditi
prst rukavica
otisak dokaz
dvorana prolaz
remi igra
simptom orhideja
kauč stolica
sjedenje stajanje
novorođenče dijete
povrijediti uzrujati
provjera ispit
carstvo kraljevstvo
sila gravitacija
tjestenina salata
želja napad
pobjednik gubitnik
skupina zbor
kuhalo štednjak
čovjek životinja
službenik radnik
motocikl bicikl
inteligencija znanje
gumica brisač
integritet radnik
novine časnik
luk češnjak
nevinost grožđe
komunikacija razgovor
tvor životinja
sluz smeće
nogomet sport
ujediniti vjenčati
bundeva tikva
perilica uređaj
muško žensko
kada kupaonica
labud putovanje
naučiti razviti
lipa kuna
predsjednik vođa
nogomet košarka
bakalar riba
kuhati zamrznuti
misija zadatak
okno prozor
piće džin
palac stopalo
sova ptica
tvorac proizvođač
alatka alat
kćer sin
pamuk poliester
vući povući
kolona linija
pokajanje krivnja
cent dolar
saksofon tretman
šest sedam
neprijatelj prijatelj
kretati njihati
garderoba ormar
kopač radnik
naramenica grudnjak
razdoblje pubertet
spoj mješavina
tekućina tvar
salata hrana
razred skupina
migrena bol
kemija znanost
instrument klavir
pauza trčanje
emocija osjećaj
odreći_se promijeniti
puknuti iskočiti
vino grožđe
sjever smjer
napomenuti ubiti
avenija ulica
džip vozilo
atom tvar
udar udarac
popraviti pričvrstiti
puž životinja
majmun životinja
sisavac pas
mramor kamen
tanjur žlica
prijedlog ideja
braniti zaštititi
odbojka aktivnost
rame tijelo
zec sinagoga
osoba čitatelj
integrirati miješati
tornado tajfun
cigareta cigara
kombi vozilo
banda skupina
povrće špinat
regija partner
znanost geologija
pištolj oružje
predavanje razred
završetak kraj
pločnik površina
legija skupina
plaketa spomenica
rak hrana
zvijer čudovište
trava bundeva
pik karta
sokol orao
stupac papir
jaje mlijeko
zmija slabost
umak sos
šupljina štakor
lopatica lopata
soul glazba
kršćanin crkva
gurnuti pomaknuti
dizajner tvorac
manjina zahod
kotlić čajnik
tragedija komedija
jutro noć
trešnja drvo
teza izjava
vjera religija
kazna nagrada
škrabati pisati
životinja janje
sprema stanje
guska ptica
cilj postignuće
ubojica lopov
baciti živcirati
životinja patka
drvo klada
konobarica radnica
sotona vrag
cilj dlijeto
pastuh bik
gradonačelnik osoba
slaganje neslaganje
krčag šalica
palača dom
mjesec godina
pločnik staza
kraljica tuš
osiguranje sigurnost
reklama oglas
tjedan godina
nadražiti potrošiti
raspored plan
fotelja namještaj
cement kamen
crtati stvoriti
ptica gusak
liječnik kirurg
kip figura
govoriti vrištati
sat život
poslužitelj konobar
fotoaparat anatomija
sfera oblik
naranča voće
usta svemir
celer hrana
bjelančevina mlijeko
vrijeme prostor
mungos životinja
otkriti pronaći
narukvica ogrlica
mnoštvo skupina
podijeliti pribaviti
znanost anatomija
abdomen trbuh
roman fikcija
zahod kupaonica
razgovor komunikacija
gutati upropastiti
uragan tornado
droga marihuana
prilog riječ
obilje nestašica
brisati trljati
melodija napjev
napredovati povlačiti_se
student učenik
sok mlijeko
kirurgija odmor
povijest dragulj
staza leopard
dijete obitelj
atlas knjiga
čovjek žena
dvanaest broj
nadvladati poraziti
predak otac
lanac kanta
lopov provalnik
gljiva biljka
pukotina rupa
plamen zadovoljstvo
prijatelj protivnik
pogubiti ubiti
pijetao pile
purica ptica
paket omotnica
stroj začin
mit mitologija
flanel materijal
uloviti ugrabiti
štit oklop
odbiti prihvatiti
osoba narod
tunel prolaz
glava rep
hitnuti baciti
tresti tonuti
vijak brava
kabina kuća
almanah knjiga
cvjetača hrana
stotina iznos
pingvin ptica
razbiti slomiti
zanovijetati žaliti_se
kupus hrana
umiriti tješiti
eliminacija postupak
limun voće
majka žena
pocrvenjeti razjasniti
šunka meso
gmaz životinja
terapija liječenje
odbojka igra
tekst priča
osoba idol
četiri broj
partner brak
spomenik memorijal
kompas instrument
veteran zaslužnik
kuhinja jedinica
lik osoba
dobiti prasnuti
šampion pobjednik
projekt element
gušter životinja
dječak čovjek
izvoditi pjevati
srce intelekt
misa ceremonija
priča pripovijest
pogreška greška
neboder sastanak
tlo pljusak
poraziti odreći_se
dijamant kristal
štene životinja
odvijač duh
rebro životinja
anisovac alkohol
maksimum ograničenje
čili papar
štuka riba
spavaćica rublje
metar jedinica
hrana kobasica
vozilo automobil
novčanik lisnica
oduzimanje zbrajanje
šepati hodati
liječenje tretman
čip računalo
trčati skakati
operacija duh
brat bratstvo
kava mlijeko
kupina voće
bara močvara
leopard tigar
kuk zglob
pisati razgovorati
kapuljača kapa
riba ventil
časnik kaplar
baciti pauzirati
guska purica
saldo račun
slikar umjetnik
obrok nalivpero
lopata kanta
mješavina raznovrsnost
politika vlada
plavo boja
biskup kralj
prsa purica
brak status
spasiti slomiti
djevojčica dijete
svjetiljka stol
zec hrana
svod vrh
redovnica monah
pljoska spremnik
javor drvo
zora zalazak
mahati micati
grah hrana
tetka planet
časnost iskrenost
službenik račun
zatvorenik zarobljenik
maslina hrana
gripa bolest
trgovina dućan
stablo drvo
kvadrat pravokutnik
kljova slon
jecati plakati
gljiva pečurka
pečenica meso
sjekira alat
stiskati držati
aligator gmaz
kauč sofa
vjenčati_se oženiti_se
zamazati zamrljati
žena heroina
tuga radost
savjetovati razgovarati
skupina društvo
gozba okupljanje
morski_pas riba
trešnja grožđe
dizalo zgrada
škola obrazovanje
voda lokva
jezero voda
ići odbaciti
kralj vladar
milja inč
trijem kuća
društvo skupina
stolica početak
rak plodovi_mora
lakat ruka
posao zadaća
udariti puknuti
novčić novčanik
proizvod luka
barakuda riba
hladnjak lopta
gljiva ljubaznost
nula broj
oštrica nož
pilula droga
obitelj dom
točka igla
junak zlikovac
košulja mikroskop
večera ladica
jastuk punjenje
odlutati pomaknuti_se
rukovoditelj osoba
fokus pažnja
tama flanel
traktor vozilo
zafrkavati gnjaviti
mlažnjak avion
šlag hrana
zavjet obećanje
bogatstvo obilje
svila saten
raj nebo
nabaviti kupiti
ubojica koljač
nokat kandža
pričvrstiti spojiti
zbroj iznos
vijak čavao
gmaz aligator
časnik policija
šarm privlačnost
atlas enciklopedija
krigla spremnik
časopis knjiga
prodavati potvrditi
dužnost služba
gađati bacati
krilo zrakoplov
keks agrum
rukovoditelj šef
tenis aktivnost
pedala bicikl
dužnost obaveza
zaključak početak
hir trend
zamazati obrisati
pisac pjesnik
zub pila
madrac zbrajanje
ritual običaj
plin automobil
sumrak bogatstvo
brak igla
sjediti stajati
vid osjetilo
prtljažnik automobil
maslina krastavac
misao vjerovanje
otac majka
klub bratstvo
kopač rudar
bijeda tuga
propadati raspadati_se
simfonija glazba
ispričati_se oprostiti
natjecanje kalkulator
tenor gubitnik
dom mjesto
domaći zadatak
stuba stubište
sapun čistač
udariti pogoditi
doći napustiti
jazz glazba
hamburger hrana
napad juriš
provalnik lopov
sudbina haljina
origano hrana
kobra zmija
princ kapetan
geologija misao
kupac osoba
mjera galon
drška stabljika
pravnik odvjetnik
gravitacija sila
mreža_za_ležanje krevet
aspirin lijek
konferencija sastanak
dečko djevojka
tuba instrument
osjećaj ljubomora
burbon alkohol
izjava teza
repa biljka
strpljenje nestrpljenje
presuda osuda
metal društvo
karfiol brokula
guska životinja
naranča stablo
brava vrata
neprijatelj protivnik
špijun agent
prihvatiti krckati
oblak nebo
braniti zamazati
preseliti iseliti
trešnja voće
anarhija nered
potok kisik
sluh vid
raspored popis
ščepati uloviti
šljiva voće
odjeljak jedinica
žena umjetnost
heroina žena
mlijeko maslac
vid vizija
bodež nož
užina hrana
ladica ured
prskati ulijevati
kaput kamin
neovisnost sloboda
trombon instrument
galon mjera
slomiti zdrobiti
crtež skica
šaka ruka
globus sfera
gajde orgulje
debata razgovor
hipoteza ideja
brijest hrast
priznati prihvatiti
kraljica kraljevstvo
džungla šuma
smjesa mješavina
krevet namještaj
predložiti reći
lava stijena
lipa peni
prsluk džemper
saksofon instrument
vid percepcija
krumpir rajčica
mora san
tretman liječenje
hobi aktivnost
predivo nit
sram sramota
rekreacija aktivnost
podmornica plovilo
stolica zahod
smrt kraj
vjenčati združiti
safir dragulj
dotaknuti pogladiti
razdvojiti odvojiti
kamen nakit
školjka dagnja
pregledati ispitati
kolijevka jasle
manira stil
galaksija svemir
graf dijagram
pomaknuti tegliti
služavka djevojka
rječnik jezik
nadvladati savladati
zapreka prepreka
maskara ruž
sumrak večer
vrištati govoriti
opasnost rizik
konferencija skupina
nevjerica vjerovanje
osoba gost
pobijediti poraziti
izabrati odabrati
sok piće
čin drama
kontaktna_leća leća
proizvođač tvorac
lanac zavoj
pretpostaviti nagađati
čelik oštrica
krug crta
restoran zalogajnica
stvoriti izgraditi
mozak pokret
zaboraviti umanjiti
mast lijek
zgrabiti uzeti
tjeskoba osjećaj
raspadati_se propadati
penjač osoba
postupak suza
postaviti pretpostaviti
zaudarati mirisati
kriket igra
rat sukob
profesionalac profesor
svađa sukob
greben vrh
puž hrabrost
buba vozilo
dinstati kuhati
baseball igra
gorila majmun
lijek medikament
reakcija posljedica
kemija nož
životinja poruka
pila alat
mrkva hrana
izdajnik lopov
pamuk vuna
plesti tkati
kestenjasta boja
postojanje biće
nož bodež
pletenje čamac
pamuk tkanina
sestrinstvo organizacija
žena prsten
plašt kaput
zagađenje čamac
flauta instrument
medij televizija
motor vlak
ujediniti združiti
prepreka zid
analiza studija
vijesti informacija
zeko zec
životinja spremnik
zadaća naputak
toksin otrov
osloviti razgovarati
unija grupa
ormar soba
rijeka gospodar
branik automobil
dagnja mornar
prijelaz cesta
osporiti odbaciti
baseball sport
navigator mornar
predviđanje mudrost
dohvatiti izgraditi
limun agrum
tlo zemlja
leđa rame
žlica lopata
aritmetika salata
konobarica poslužiteljica
detalj poanta
voda tekućina
skica crtež
baletna_suknjica suknja
nevjesta okupljanje
autor pisac
mandarina voće
obrva lice
vladar car
podrezati podesiti
životinja štakor
inč mjera
papa vođa
koriti grditi
prizma piramida
poni konj
pažnja fokus
erodirati zafrkavati
sendvič obrok
komarac mudrost
ljiljan biljka
susjedstvo područje
tama svjetlo
zakonodavstvo legija
metodist baptist
krevet spavaonica
zmija gmaz
car vladar
preraditi baciti
blistati sjajiti
mjesto lokacija
tuljan zmaj
automobil vlak
staklenka spremnik
banket zabava
špinat povrće
vanilija okus
tegliti vući
pantera mačka
pero flota
kofein čaj
podijeliti dodati
promatrati preplanuti
kofein problem
sova životinja
poruka bilješka
zob žitarica
raspadati_se erodirati
pita hrana
radio medij
scena slika
prasnuti buknuti
miješati integrirati
tuča kiša
dupin kisik
nećakinja sin
rubnik strana
sport rekreacija
pločnik nogostup
korak stubište
dvanaest tucet
zadržati dati
gost osoba
tamjan aroma
prag vrata
vilica moda
krilo koža
zamrzivač hladnjak
odrezak hrana
portret slika
prenoćište dom
jelo hrana
hobi interes
kralj kraljica
kisik voda
protivnik suparnik
ugušiti ubiti
supružnik brak
razlikovati_se složiti_se
paluba brod
tvorac umjetnik
zemlja tvar
uzeti imati
makaroni hrana
polica ormar
lijek tableta
tražiti pregledati
pismo tekst
odgovor pitanje
kamen stijena
stanarina uplata
svećenik rabin
vjedro kanta
tikva hrana
šef rukovoditelj
diploma ceremonija
tikvica hrana
sudbina potok
krađa kriminal
usna jezik
tele životinja
rat anatomija
rukavica_s_palcem rukavica
liječenje terapija
uređaj pećnica
magla oblak
anatomija znanost
djevojka osoba
bakar bronca
šljunak kamen
lutka igračka
gen kromosom
zgrada neboder
blagajnik osoba
aleja put
staklenka boca
skupina osoblje
umjetnik tvorac
senat kongres
orhideja biljka
lanac bicikl
periskop podmornica
štakor životinja
napasti ukloniti
instrument truba
šampanjac vino
žaba životinja
kvadrat oblik
pogledati rastegnuti
pjevač dokaz
radost tuga
limun drvo
brašno kruh
srndać jelen
formula jednadžba
izlet putovanje
tanjurić posuda
nada očaj
monopol igra
hraniti gladovati
zaposlenik radnik
natjecanje utrka
protuotrov lijek
sfera globus
građanin prodavač
lakat zglob
natjecanje borba
šaptati razgovarati
knjiga enciklopedija
baciti pokazati
amater raj
ječam hrana
odvojiti podijeliti
roditelj odnos
promijeniti uvjeriti
sjedalo tron
lisica životinja
ubrzati priznati
mladoženja vjenčanje
nerc životinja
aritmetika trigonometrija
stvorenje buba
arhitektura struktura
dohvatiti povećati
sef banka
namještaj fotelja
buktinja plamen
težina količina
telefon uređaj
brada koza
ruža biljka
skvoš sport
uliti prskati
gnjaviti računati
kuhati dinstati
organ bubreg
pjesma tekst
faza razbojnik
prepelica životinja
ekstremitet noga
okriviti optužiti
kliziti lebdjeti
pomaknuti ostati
gusak guska
uzeti ščepati
bjelančevina meso
mišljenje misao
angažman obveza
kruh sendvič
sendvič hrana
komora ćelija
drvo biljka
stijena kamen
aritmetika matematika
korov biljka
geologija znanost
krema hrana
put smjer
stopalo noga
jetra srce
mrdnuti skrenuti
zafrkavati smetati
ubrzati izgraditi
krilo anđeo
mehaničar radnik
zaštita kaciga
crta mast
religija vjerovanje
gaza zavoj
igra šah
nadvladati uzrujati
mačka životinja
torbica torba
organizacija zaklada
krivnja nevinost
ladica komoda
dvoje par
zima ljeto
torta hrana
osjećaj empatija
smokva datum
izdavač osoba
roditelj dijete
praznovjerje vjerovanje
porota sud
desetljeće doba
isus bog
žbun grm
plodovi_mora dagnja
strah tenor
galon pinta
osoba vlasnik
odred skupina
prositi gucnuti
alat lopata
sablja mač
kaktus biljka
stoka stado
poezija proza
uštipnuti dodirnuti
mač oružje
uništiti okusiti
bogatstvo siromaštvo
ogrlica narukvica
uvenuti nestati
iskrenost poštenje
prikupiti dobiti
tekućina tipkovnica
sluga rob
izgraditi uništiti
okolnost situacija
šešir kapa
trčati kontrolirati
ljuska mahuna
glava stopalo
odmor praznik
orah stablo
marka tip
tamnica ćelija
papir materijal
sreća emocija
kuhinja spavaonica
škrinja kovčeg
dječak dijete
prsluk košulja
kreda bojica
dama dvorac
bjelančevina jaje
putovati autostopirati
protivnik refren
zgrada katedrala
zgrabiti taknuti
sjajiti blistati
klub organizacija
liječenje saksofon
jezgra atom
princeza status
šansa prilika
farmer radnik
obmana prevara
integritet poštenje
štititi braniti
uređaj hladnjak
računati vrednovati
dušik vodik
akcija dionica
tjedan početak
deblo klada
stopalo biljka
plast gomila
kaljača guma
zapad smjer
ruksak torbica
stvaranje početak
zrakoplov letjelica
karavana skupina
odbiti zaustaviti
odbaciti potisnuti
tehničar radnik
razviti naučiti
tamjan miris
miš životinja
buba insekt
drug prijatelj
rod spol
pustinja oaza
udio postotak
kuhati spaliti
model primjer
hipoteza teorija
gulaš hrana
blago imetak
ovca stado
pitati podsjetiti
članak prst
tegliti reći
sačuvati zadržati
flota mornarica
pivo tekućina
rubac tkanina
zadržati rezervirati
pukotina prostor
mit fikcija
hamburger ptica
kredit kupina
hrvanje sport
štednjak kat
klif litica
zelena plava
posada skupina
umakati umočiti
sjesti leći
kritizirati napomenuti
papar sol
cijev pištolj
miš štakor
odjeljak dio
zelena žuta
pokazati ujediniti
omlet hrana
slika perilica
značenje besmislica
preporučiti savjetovati
milosrđe dobrota
oblik sfera
bliještati odražavati
promijeniti zamijeniti
odvojiti pričvrstiti
eruptirati prasnuti
vjenčati ujediniti
hladnjak uređaj
kanta bačva
smog zagađenje
pištolj vatreno_oružje
prijelaz kornjača
tjestenina tijesto
brak ritual
slon predavanje
potapšati dodirnuti
staviti dati
svojstvo lice
prevrnuti braniti
tenis rekreacija
primiti dobiti
čitatelj osoba
srebro zlato
jagoda hrana
špic točka
antilop koža
matematika znanost
ruž klasa
vatra voda
čili hrana
uragan oluja
prsa grudi
dašak vjetar
rukovodstvo sposobnost
osloviti stajati
kost tkivo
vatreno_oružje puška
neuspjeh uspjeh
oblik trokut
potvrditi priznati
mošus miris
korov otrov
vuk stvorenje
hipoteza bazen
količnik iznos
oblik prizma
drhtati tresti_se
skvoš igra
kit špilja
madrac krevet
dijamant biser
put staza
zatvarač hlače
lisičine rukav
traka cesta
kćer žensko
očna_jabučica oko
dobiti unovačiti
zahod komunikacija
kornjača životinja
pomoći dodati
češnjak luk
tehnologija znanje
tele krava
limuzina automobil
morž sisavac
dati pustiti
tkanina svila
činiti biti
udariti trčati
medicina zanimanje
bujon juha
pravokutnik oblik
skupina legija
golubica ptica
osoba građanin
carstvo država
znanost matematika
šest broj
povući_se sići
pilula lijek
banana voće
svinjetina prase
sadašnjost budućnost
šalica spremnik
balerina plesač
koža materijal
lignja hobotnica
deblo stablo
oklop kornjača
biljka repa
posljedica reakcija
poreći potisnuti
cijena vrijednost
noga ruka
zarez interpunkcija
rubin dragulj
tjestenina hrana
klokan životinja
ljuljati postaviti
koža tkivo
smeđa zelena
frustracija bijes
violina viola
povrijediti uvrijediti
deblo oaza
instrument skalpel
pločnik cesta
oštećenje šteta
jagoda voće
pinta količina
dobit gubitak
uzeti oteti
simbol slovo
kokice hrana
ažurirati obavijestiti
čekić rak
ručak hrana
sporazum klupa
obrazovanje carstvo
zujati letjeti
zadovoljstvo stado
neboder zgrada
žvakati mljeti
krilo šišmiš
mana pogreška
radnik farmer
mnoštvo količina
fakultet škola
zamjenica riječ
cestarina pristojba
uzeti zadržati
oprostiti uvjeriti
šuma džungla
stolar radnik
točka olovka
pločnik ulica
ubrzati povećati
obrazovati podučavati
pjesnik pisac
saviti zakrenuti
krema zgrada
odvijač čekić
kriviti piti
olimpijada događaj
kriviti staviti
dagnja plodovi_mora
idol mač
deblo slon
guma materijal
ozon atmosfera
radnik stolar
aktivnost hobi
utočište sklonište
tikvica tikva
keks kolačić
sjediti ljenčariti
saturn venera
srž kost
intelekt znanje
naslov tehnika
lopata alat
obrok užina
buba stvorenje
osoblje škola
zadovoljstvo bol
sumaglica magla
fiziologija područje
spustiti_se sići
suma iznos
potkrovlje tavan
esej odlomak
odbaciti otići
stopa mjera
zahod aligator
pogled percepcija
navigator istraživač
duhovitost humor
oklijevati čekati
rov jarak
zvijezda ljuska
helij plin
aktivnost pokret
pubertet razdoblje
spavaonica dom
voće trešnja
stog gomila
zaudarati odbaciti
dopustiti prihvatiti
rog bik
ručak večera
buha insekt
oružje mač
video televizija
lekcija podučavanje
dati uzeti
ograničenje pravilo
plast pobjednik
leđa tijelo
utrka natjecanje
teren stadion
tepih sag
zvučnik pakao
vođa kralj
potpetica cipela
baklja svjetlo
bodež oružje
nezaposlenost zaposlenost
razbiti uništiti
društvo narod
dijete roditelj
princeza kraljevstvo
bratstvo klub
svila tkanina
rastaviti spaliti
oružje bodež
ručak violina
peta stopalo
kovčeg torba
koljeno zglob
koljač ubojica
uređaj perilica
mir primirje
ručak doručak
glava tijelo
kip umjetnost
kći dijete
atletičar trkač
oboa instrument
sobarica posluga
lizalica slatkiš
držati čekati
tvrditi reći
zakonodavstvo vlada
slovo znak
noga stolica
poklopac fotoaparat
žudjeti željeti
savjet prijedlog
vrata ulaz
dabar životinja
umak hrana
nastavak dodatak
čimpanza gorila
pobjeći trčati
koža kosa
stršljen osa
mikroskop teleskop
most križ
dušik element
korov trava
odbaciti osporiti
tipkovnica računalo
mrziti odraziti
prisjetiti_se pitati
natrag naprijed
pano znak
micati naguravati
bubreg organ
užina obrok
vratiti poslati
glavobolja bol
patka ptica
lopatica oruđe
suton sumrak
maramica obrok
pristanište most
torbica zdjela
pas životinja
aroma miris
izumiti napraviti
biolog kemičar
vući nositi
fond organizacija
pahuljica snijeg
pojam ideja
refren pjesma
dlijeto alat
kajanje tuga
princeza bogatstvo
upozoriti savjetovati
badem kikiriki
zid soba
objasniti izraziti_se
slabost snaga
lopov bolest
iver komad
sjever jug
azija afrika
srebro metal
potok tok
empatija osjećaj
udariti uništiti
zmija guja
lijek medicina
gušter stvorenje
priča tekst
pehar kup
zabraniti spriječiti
porcija količina
zdjela kuglanje
gangster banda
guverner političar
vozilo alatka
kralj monarh
voziti hodati
luk hrana
dojam avenija
zlostavljati maltretirati
trauma stanje
pokajanje kajanje
violina instrument
baseball nogomet
odrastao dijete
tikva značenje
konj tim
kalkulator računalo
stvaranje događaj
vrhunac priča
uzdizati_se napustiti
vrat potok
bačvica spremnik
uzica konop
ciljati usmjeriti
prilog imenica
hrast bor
prodati kupiti
percepcija vid
grickati žvakati
nevjesta vjenčanje
primat životinja
datum sastanak
primjer instanca
panj stablo
meso čovjek
aleja cesta
kuckati kucati
grančica grana
promatrati gledati
tava posuda
izblijediti iščeznuti
odreći_se tresti
grliti držati
filozofija područje
pozicija lokacija
kiša pljusak
brašno vjenčanje
borovnica bobica
pokopati pokriti
autostopirati zvati
kviz test
savjetovati podučavati
čistač sapun
rog automobil
erodirati raspasti_se
zbrojiti pomnožiti
šljiva stablo
duga nebo
prekinuti početi
predvorje zgrada
tuljan sisavac
sarma hrana
rezervirati držati
nasloniti položiti
leptir insekt
bulevar cesta
zalazak izlazak
značenje sloboda
snaga glina
poremećaj red
vile smjesa
trkač atletičar
migrena glavobolja
nogometna_lopta lopta
uš buba
los jelen
udariti promašiti
tresti_se drhtati
motocikl vozilo
izbor postupak
boca spremnik
usmjeriti ciljati
crijevo jetra
predviđanje znanje
ljubav osjećaj
rekreacija sport
lopov hulja
trbuh tijelo
tulum događaj
žena narukvica
erodirati pogoršati_se
instrument tuba
trigonometrija algebra
algebra matematika
rajčica povrće
svila pamuk
nakit naušnica
brat sestra
klizati micati_se
tegliti nositi
taština uobraženost
kit kriket
službenik osoba
objaviti reći
peršin hrana
trljati brisati
novak početnik
bajka priča
časopis novine
neslaganje sukob
rog koza
koza dijete
otok zemlja
pramac krma
zapovjednik poručnik
sila snaga
stroj računalo
pomaknuti istovariti
piletina hrana
talac zarobljenik
dijamant dragulj
bobica trešnja
ogrtač plašt
pokret aktivnost
bor drvo
oluja tajfun
sport odbojka
skalpel instrument
bulevar ulica
smrt rođenje
mit legenda
hrast ogrlica
izračunati dostaviti
nikotin duhan
vidra životinja
katedrala građevina
sudbina mornar
puding desert
konj pastuh
razmišljanje misao
slovo abeceda
uskratiti odbiti
breskva voće
krater vulkan
grašak hrana
amater posjed
vjera odanost
cesta autocesta
tuljan životinja
vojska obrana
gorila primat
tri šest
sposobnost rukovodstvo
grm biljka
svinjetina svinja
uređaj kralježnica
životinja sisavac
mačka sisavac
puška oružje
more voda
prikupiti zavrtiti
losos riba
knjiga atlas
vrlina kvaliteta
pohvala odobravanje
sotona bog
dupin sisavac
publikacija časopis
dobrobit korist
ustav dokument
kontrolirati držati
ulica škamp
odgoditi pokazati
skup gozba
termin razdoblje
povrće rajčica
bubanj instrument
dečko ljubavnik
raspravljati racionalizirati
zipka kolijevka
uvećati povećati
moljac leptir
kapacitet ograničenje
zvijezda simbol
kupina hrana
sjekirica alat
celer salata
zadaća zadatak
podijeliti razderati
povjetarac vjetar
slon sisavac
smijati_se plakati
početak kraj
zavrtiti okrenuti
hobotnica stvorenje
život postojanje
limeta voće
štuka šiljak
zec životinja
razbiti razvaliti
sisavac dupin
pjesma sonet
bratstvo grupa
gitara instrument
čovjek primat
kupus salata
škamp plodovi_mora
bicikl vozilo
otpadak komad
redovnica softball
jaje arhitektura
podjela skupina
potok linija
signal svjetlo
osoba nomad
pingvin životinja
presaditi pomaknuti
skalpel alat
jagoda borovnica
arhitektura voda
cigareta duhan
piramida oblik
znamenka broj
sir maslac
strijela rana
greda potpora
dijete koza
poručnik hrabrost
tableta pilula
dopustiti vratiti
radnik rad
bolest karcinom
tekućina voda
pero dikobraz
prodavač osoba
veza odnos
rog jelen
napustiti kontrolirati
majmun humor
naslonjač sjedalo
pretvarati_se namočiti
školjka plodovi_mora
pjega točka
mačka izgled
životinja slon
ječam biljka
razumjeti prihvatiti
podne dan
svemir svijet
pramac zahod
stotina broj
nadnica plaća
predvorje svila
indijski_oraščić orašasti_plod
glazba zvuk
suprug zmija
skulptura crtež
pogledati buljiti
figura kip
komentar odgovor
atletičar sportaš
kreda marker
bolest zdravlje
profesor profesionalac
roditelj predak
stolica namještaj
autostopirati putovati
procijeniti odraziti
kapela hram
vila dom
poručnik satnik
oklop tavan
vojska demokracija
gusak ptica
smog dostignuće
simpatija osjećaj
silovanje zločin
plodovi_mora riba
čaša šalica
plivati trčati
trans stanje
autor tvorac
operirati kontrolirati
postojanje život
milost dobrota
vrpca linija
direktor nadglednik
gležanj zglob
učitelj profesionalac
bacač hvatač
citrus stablo
rastezati vući
krivnja osjećaj
greška neuspjeh
snaga sposobnost
trač glasina
ljubomora osjećaj
odbiti poreći
orhideja cvijet
koncert nastup
prevara obmana
brat rod
dosjetka humor
čarapa najlonka
instrument gitara
otac sin
nos lice
jetra organ
anatomija čovjek
zanimanje posao
sonet pjesma
lokva voda
bod rezultat
uplata stanarina
vlasništvo posjed
glava strijela
komunikacija jezik
kišobran zaštita
crijevo trbuh
pijesak plaža
reći svjedočiti
porezotina ozljeda
palačinka vafl
isplahnuti isprati
borbenost hrabrost
smrviti slomiti
orangutan primat
vježba aktivnost
harfa instrument
trezor komora
kost čeljust
zbor skupina
rezervirati zadržati
jesen period
cvijet prekršaj
kanarinac ptica
košarka sport
gledati škiljiti
ružičasta ljubičasta
kamin dimnjak
preurediti pomaknuti
čeljust kost
tenor pjevač
svjedočiti reći
skupina banda
tajfun oluja
razgovor debata
matematika domena
čekinja četka
prečka ljestve
glina cigla
prljavština nečistoća
parada marš
orangutan zvijer
kiselina ljuska
baterija svjetiljka
princeza princ
država regija
znanje instinkt
roditelj obitelj
željeti odvojiti
pijuckati piti
dvojba zbunjenost
dragulj prsten
biljka hrana
zapovjednik vođa
ekipa tim
pustiti zadržati
poslužiteljica konobarica
protivnik neprijatelj
dvorac dom
med šećer
ceremonija diploma
imenica riječ
razumijevanje znanje
juha hrana
hrabrost borbenost
brašno tijesto
nogostup trotoar
sandala cipela
ulica bulevar
zamijeniti promijeniti
leš tijelo
alat odvijač
rima pjesma
mir rat
kalem komad
jezik grlo
sljedbenik vođa
šupljina zub
isus gospodin
siromaštvo disciplina
pamuk materijal
odreći_se poraziti
pinta mjera
projektil raketa
ritual događaj
večera obrok
tegliti maknuti
rukavica rukavica_s_palcem
ujediniti podijeliti
šumarak grupa
peta čizma
dojam čin
pozornica platforma
štap stabljika
pokrajina regija
lijek uzrok
bubnuti samljeti
osoba blagajnik
potok rječica
otrov toksin
kraljevstvo teritorij
pretpostaviti suditi
zadatak zadaća
sići stvoriti
poručnik časnik
držati kontrolirati
zakrenuti skrenuti
odjel organizacija
nadležnost sposobnost
mama roditelj
najlon materijal
zadatak dužnost
otac violina
roniti plivati
dom palača
posuditi gnjaviti
broj osam
grgeč pijetao
političar guverner
sastanak konferencija
pjesnik osoba
atmosfera ubojica
pojaviti_se dogoditi_se
naslov zaglavlje
čekati ugrabiti
klavir instrument
fijaker kočija
kofein kava
osjećaj ekstaza
pećina špilja
krug oblik
ceremonija oštrica
razlog intelekt
oštrica kosilica
zanat pletenje
tipkovnica pisaći_stroj
odbor skupina
pokajanje žaljenje
jutro inteligencija
šarka vrata
mandarina jezgra
agencija skupina
psina šala
kobasica hrana
bršljan biljka
korporacija biznis
kolumna novine
sigurnost osiguranje
ograničenje granica
postupak operacija
zalistak srce
priznati zanemariti
komponenta element
klupa sjedalo
piće pivo
čamac brod
jezik usta
uvjeriti promijeniti
odsutnost prisutnost
iznos količina
kisik plin
požurivati predložiti
slap rijeka
vježbati raditi
sjena svjetlo
grašak povrće
miris parfem
posada grupa
rak životinja
namještaj krevet
fitilj svijeća
uloviti uhvatiti
pridjev glagol
aligator životinja
lijes kovčeg
zgrada konstrukcija
redovnik protivnik
avion letjelica
smoking odjelo
vrana ptica
sigurnost opasnost
gaćice rublje
gljiva čudovište
prolaz skakavac
kanarinac pero
škamp jastog
geometrija matematika
ceremonija pogreb
mlijeko tekućina
glina posuđe
oklada ulog
cvijet klokan
ud ekstremitet
leš tron
koža antilop
opisati objasniti
požurivati reći
istovariti skloniti
profesor osoblje
razviti napraviti
dominirati kontrolirati
ocat kiselina
pokazati reći
materijal najlon
živica ograda
blokada prepreka
astronomija znanost
princ visost
celer povrće
gejzir fontana
čekić alat
iščeznuti izblijediti
slomiti objasniti
pridjev riječ
naušnica prsten
dupin riba
rukomet sport
puretina meso
mladež skupina
tikva povrće
sjekirica sjekira
mudrost znanje
paket kutija
voda led
jogurt hrana
supermarket trgovina
akson neuron
bijes ljutnja
breskva kruška
mulj talog
radnik mehaničar
širina visina
stetoskop instrument
sveučilište škola
utvara duh
klinčić biljka
talent sposobnost
jezik komunikacija
sisavac životinja
istraživač moreplovac
peraja riba
zalogajnica restoran
razgovarati savjetovati
dizajnirati crtati
aroma rukav
pogoršati zaboraviti
progutati gutati
blato religija
riba morski_pas
policija vlast
ispremetati miješati
nakit prsten
večera hrana
šah igra
džoker karta
šljiva kruška
dodati oduzeti
usna usta
uređaj mikrovalna
računalo stroj
odvojiti razdvojiti
dijete kćer
pomaknuti promijeniti
hihotati_se smijati_se
hokej sport
pod tlo
pluća organ
čovjek enciklopedija
oposum životinja
umjetnost skulptura
izumiti stvoriti
devet broj
baterija agencija
čovjekoliki_majmun sisavac
hvatač igrač
uspjeti podbaciti
nastaviti pauzirati
rakun životinja
prestiž status
događaj posteljina
slagalica alat
krastavac hrana
pubertet mladost
grgeč riba
djevojka dečko
kovčeg prtljaga
zvijezda galaksija
zadaća rad
kamion vozilo
mjerač nogostup
obrisati uloviti
njihati_se micati_se
trošarina porez
časopis publikacija
stopa inč
slon časnik
osjećaj tjeskoba
eruptirati eksplodirati
izlazak zalazak
osoblje skupina
svila materijal
sisavac slon
noga ekstremitet
zvonce zvono
pekan orah
izračunati računati
dopustiti prikačiti
mikrovalna uređaj
jug sjever
skakavac cvrčak
promjer dužina
vladar diktator
gutati prodavati
grožđe hrana
zadatak obaveza
uređaj telefon
vozač truba
ruža vino
osuda presuda
čudovište zvijer
staklo kristal
miješati stopiti
medikament lijek
bendžo gitara
majoneza hrana
sport sjekira
kapak oko
zagrliti držati
obrazovati informirati
skulptura umjetnost
karavan vozilo
sport aktivnost
led ledenjak
ladica škrinja
pero ptica
vući gurnuti
postaviti ljuljati
odaziv odgovor
smetati utjecati
tješiti utješiti
voda zrak
ubiti uništiti
sakriti razviti
prizma oblik
kišobran led
predavanje govor
hrana ječam
noga bedro
čekić malj
nećak nećakinja
grlo vrat
reći preporučiti
prijedlog savjet
pšenica žitarica
peta bedro
držati priječiti
krokodil životinja
psihologija znanost
prebačaj skok
vještica žena
odvijač alat
potok voda
lav tigar
nadgrobni_spomenik grob
vuna tkanina
lord dama
puška vatreno_oružje
žumanjak jaje
naušnica nakit
podmornica brod
osoba penjač
novine medij
koncert događaj
hrana pita
avenija cesta
