hr_bogatstvo de_armut
hr_gradonačelnik de_person
hr_šljiva de_birne
de_diebstahl hr_kriminal
de_computer hr_stroj
hr_osoba de_leser
hr_raj de_hölle
hr_krađa de_kriminalität
de_haferflocken hr_hrana
de_flüssigkeit hr_tipkovnica
de_arbeitnehmer hr_farmer
de_kopf hr_tijelo
de_flügel hr_anđeo
hr_grožđe de_lebensmittel
hr_auto de_auto
hr_sokol de_adler
de_brombeere hr_hrana
hr_sukob de_uneinigkeit
hr_naslonjač de_sitz
de_docht hr_svijeća
hr_sir de_butter
de_organisation hr_zaklada
hr_krumpir de_gemüse
hr_tražiti de_untersuchen
hr_kćer de_sohn
de_kiefer hr_drvo
hr_prtljaga de_koffer
de_sagen hr_predložiti
hr_zaključak de_anfang
de_meer hr_voda
de_atmosphäre hr_ubojica
de_ehe hr_igla
hr_baciti de_nerven
hr_svinjetina de_fleisch
hr_saturn de_venus
hr_bol de_symptom
de_kartoffel hr_povrće
de_wasser hr_led
hr_nastaviti de_unterbrechen
hr_kontrola de_experiment
de_lippe hr_usta
hr_noga de_knie
hr_kalkulator de_computer
hr_zima de_jahreszeit
hr_naušnica de_schmuck
de_ameise hr_insekt
hr_prevara de_täuschung
hr_biolog de_chemiker
hr_nadražiti de_verbringen
de_moskito hr_insekt
hr_redovnik de_gegner
de_flosse hr_riba
de_wasserfall hr_tenis
de_morgen hr_inteligencija
de_chirurg hr_liječnik
de_feuer hr_voda
de_süden hr_sjever
hr_avenija de_straße
de_ausführen hr_razgovarati
de_abdomen hr_tijelo
de_gemüse hr_špinat
hr_srž de_knochen
hr_životinja de_container
hr_obrok de_snack
hr_bjelančevina de_milch
hr_priča de_erzählung
hr_povijest de_juwel
hr_dama de_schloss
hr_nomad de_person
hr_kvadrat de_form
de_cremespeise hr_hrana
hr_skupina de_mitarbeiter
hr_izdajnik de_dieb
hr_zelena de_blau
hr_bilješka de_studentenverbindung
de_land hr_regija
hr_krema de_gebäude
hr_kiselina de_schale
de_volleyball hr_igra
de_tier hr_patka
de_wissenschaft hr_anatomija
de_blume hr_prekršaj
hr_kit de_säugetier
hr_pjevač de_beweis
de_feind hr_krokodil
de_petersilie hr_hrana
de_elend hr_tuga
hr_slovo de_alphabet
de_juwel hr_dragulj
de_sport hr_sjekira
hr_film de_sonne
de_infinitesimalrechnung hr_matematika
de_geometrie hr_matematika
hr_usna de_zunge
hr_blagajnik de_person
hr_tkivo de_organ
de_gruppe hr_banda
hr_odbiti de_akzeptieren
hr_kljova de_pflicht
hr_cvijet de_känguru
hr_radio de_medium
de_karotte hr_hrana
de_popcorn hr_hrana
de_spinat hr_povrće
de_haut hr_tkivo
hr_zglob de_ellbogen
hr_podijeliti de_erhalten
hr_čekati de_ergreifen
hr_stolica de_anfang
hr_kemija de_wissenschaft
de_sitzen hr_stajati
hr_kanu de_boot
de_leiche hr_tron
de_säugetier hr_pas
hr_sport de_aktivität
hr_prst de_handschuh
de_baseball hr_sport
de_profit hr_gubitak
hr_madrac de_zusatz
hr_sluga de_sklave
hr_sjekira de_werkzeug
hr_ritual de_brauch
hr_žena de_armband
hr_nos de_gesicht
de_täuschung hr_prevara
de_baumwolle hr_tkanina
hr_podijeliti de_reißen
de_mörder hr_lopov
de_spur hr_nogostup
hr_omesti de_halten
hr_radnik de_arbeit
de_prinzessin hr_kraljevstvo
de_arzt hr_kirurg
de_drei hr_šest
hr_rijeka de_herr
de_regal hr_ormar
hr_predsjednik de_führer
de_bett hr_spavaonica
de_schimpanse hr_gorila
hr_vikati de_sprechen
de_freund hr_protivnik
de_haufen hr_plast
de_mut hr_borbenost
de_bestätigen hr_zanemariti
hr_tetka de_planet
hr_požurivati de_vorschlagen
hr_zamjenica de_wort
de_frau hr_narukvica
hr_snaga de_fähigkeit
de_gummi hr_materijal
hr_smeđa de_grün
hr_stablo de_wald
de_möbel hr_fotelja
de_gauner hr_bolest
hr_peršin de_lebensmittel
de_gans hr_purica
de_absteigen hr_stvoriti
hr_nož de_dolch
de_analysieren hr_upropastiti
de_nörgeln hr_žaliti_se
de_taschenlampe hr_agencija
hr_prolaz de_heuschrecke
hr_miš de_tier
hr_esej de_absatz
hr_knjiga de_atlas
hr_uplata de_miete
hr_krastavac de_lebensmittel
de_motor hr_vlak
de_arm hr_ekstremitet
de_reden hr_osloviti
de_treffen hr_konferencija
hr_lizalica de_süßigkeiten
de_blau hr_boja
hr_micati de_drängen
de_scharnier hr_vrata
de_tornado hr_oluja
hr_komarac de_weisheit
hr_stetoskop de_instrument
hr_država de_region
hr_ptica de_gänserich
hr_crta de_salbe
de_rückseite hr_naprijed
de_sitzen hr_ljenčariti
hr_saturn de_planet
hr_trbuh de_körper
de_zerstören hr_okusiti
de_kommen hr_napustiti
de_kanone hr_pištolj
hr_polica de_wandschrank
de_henne hr_pile
hr_vrijeme de_raum
de_delphin hr_kisik
hr_kupus de_salat
hr_šaptati de_reden
hr_celer de_gemüse
de_vater hr_predak
de_eiche hr_ogrlica
hr_simptom de_orchidee
hr_voda de_pfütze
hr_kolumna de_zeitung
de_pausieren hr_trčanje
de_saft hr_mlijeko
hr_aroma de_ärmel
de_läufer hr_atletičar
de_tugend hr_kvaliteta
hr_krokodil de_tier
de_falte hr_koža
de_psychologie hr_znanost
de_berechnen hr_računati
hr_zaboraviti de_verringern
hr_zahod de_alligator
de_arbeitnehmer hr_tehničar
hr_tkanina de_baumwolle
hr_rat de_anatomie
hr_protivnik de_chor
de_gebäude hr_konstrukcija
de_posaune hr_instrument
hr_kupina de_lebensmittel
hr_osloviti de_stand
de_tor hr_dlijeto
de_alligator hr_životinja
de_diktator hr_vladar
hr_promatrati de_beenden
hr_violina de_instrument
hr_zatvarač de_hose
hr_pedala de_fahrrad
hr_žena de_ring
hr_škrabati de_schreiben
de_wurst hr_hrana
de_ausflug hr_putovanje
de_elefant hr_životinja
hr_čarapa de_strumpfhose
hr_lopov de_krankheit
de_gasse hr_put
de_direktor hr_dirigent
hr_skakavac de_kricket
hr_konj de_mannschaft
de_unze hr_mjera
de_rennen hr_natjecanje
de_herbst hr_period
hr_uređaj de_ofen
hr_naslov de_technik
hr_kava de_milch
hr_dopustiti de_anfügen
de_dichtung hr_zmaj
de_arbeitnehmer hr_rad
de_bewegung hr_akcija
de_kopf hr_strijela
de_warenhaus hr_spremište
de_erodieren hr_zafrkavati
de_trauma hr_ozljeda
de_geben hr_poslati
hr_projekt de_element
hr_hrast de_halskette
de_rippe hr_životinja
hr_štititi de_verteidigen
de_berechnen hr_dostaviti
de_gewebe hr_koža
de_schloss hr_vrata
de_buch hr_atlas
de_steuerbord hr_zahod
hr_guska de_tier
hr_kost de_kiefer
hr_kisik de_gas
hr_vidra de_tier
hr_deblo de_elefant
de_krautsalat hr_hrana
de_bürgermeister hr_osoba
hr_teren de_stadion
hr_natjecanje de_rennen
de_schuld hr_nevinost
hr_unca de_maß
hr_teletina de_lebensmittel
hr_prekinuti de_starten
de_elefant hr_predavanje
hr_skalpel de_instrument
hr_liječenje de_saxophon
de_tenor hr_bas
de_elternteil hr_dijete
hr_dimnjak de_schwan
de_zeremonie hr_oštrica
de_vater hr_violina
hr_ubrzati de_eingestehen
hr_oposum de_tier
hr_sigurnost de_achtung
de_tod hr_rođenje
hr_igra de_schach
de_rechteck hr_oblik
hr_vatreno_oružje de_gewehr
de_bühne hr_razbojnik
hr_ljenčariti de_sitzen
de_veranda hr_kuća
hr_bacač de_fänger
hr_špic de_bleistift
hr_vozilo de_utensil
hr_papa de_führer
de_einbrecher hr_lopov
de_kammer hr_bajka
hr_čin de_theater
hr_blokada de_barriere
de_angst hr_tenor
de_hülle hr_mahuna
hr_kanarinac de_vogel
de_kopf hr_stopalo
de_hund hr_životinja
hr_ovca de_herde
de_medium hr_televizija
de_orchidee hr_biljka
de_felge hr_kotač
hr_konj de_zucht
de_meile hr_inč
hr_časnik de_recht
hr_kotlić de_teekanne
hr_otići de_ankommen
hr_pustiti de_halten
de_regal hr_brojač
hr_rubin de_smaragd
hr_reći de_empfehlen
de_wanne hr_kupaonica
de_bildung hr_carstvo
de_rücken hr_tijelo
de_pilz hr_čudovište
hr_kaput de_kamin
hr_slon de_säugetier
hr_hobi de_interesse
hr_dijamant de_juwel
hr_dobiti de_rekrutieren
de_fest hr_okupljanje
hr_tama de_licht
de_leber hr_organ
de_kurve hr_praznovjerje
de_führer hr_kralj
hr_leš de_körper
hr_pogledati de_starren
de_barsch hr_riba
hr_autocesta de_straße
de_ei hr_arhitektura
hr_kriket de_spiel
de_adler hr_ptica
de_spion hr_agent
hr_percepcija de_vision
hr_utrka de_wettbewerb
de_kommunikation hr_razgovor
hr_prijatelj de_feind
hr_kikiriki de_kaschunuss
hr_ujediniti de_teilen
hr_čovjek de_frau
hr_gležanj de_bein
hr_osoba de_kassierer
de_mandel hr_kikiriki
hr_svila de_material
hr_aktivnost de_hobby
hr_rječnik de_rede
de_schaufel hr_kanta
de_helm hr_zaštita
de_milch hr_maslac
hr_šaka de_arm
hr_trijem de_haus
hr_nadgrobni_spomenik de_grab
de_hassen hr_odraziti
de_tenor hr_pjevač
de_nachrichten hr_informacija
hr_namještaj de_stuhl
de_skalpell hr_alat
de_zunge hr_grlo
de_wissenschaft hr_geologija
de_könig hr_vladar
hr_kiša de_dusche
hr_car de_herrscher
de_daumen hr_prst
de_infinitesimalrechnung hr_salata
hr_odrezak de_lebensmittel
hr_tijelo de_leiche
de_eis hr_ledenjak
de_küche hr_spavaonica
de_christ hr_crkva
de_satan hr_vrag
hr_dohvatiti de_erhöhen
de_niere hr_organ
de_tastatur hr_računalo
hr_krava de_tier
hr_zbrojiti de_multiplizieren
hr_glava de_fuß
de_maskara hr_ruž
de_sechs hr_sedam
hr_vrata de_eingang
hr_sluh de_sicht
hr_pogreb de_zeremonie
de_adresse hr_stajati
de_licht hr_aura
hr_pisaći_stroj de_maschine
hr_odbojka de_aktivität
hr_publikacija de_zeitschrift
de_vortäuschen hr_namočiti
de_arbeitnehmer hr_zidar
hr_rubin de_juwel
hr_mrziti de_reflektieren
hr_janje de_tier
hr_osoba de_bürger
hr_patka de_tier
hr_brašno de_hochzeit
hr_tekst de_gedicht
de_cent hr_dolar
de_sprosse hr_ljestve
de_krähe hr_ptica
de_substanz hr_voda
de_ekstase hr_osjećaj
de_bein hr_koljeno
de_stärke hr_sposobnost
de_makkaroni hr_hrana
de_leser hr_osoba
hr_članak de_finger
de_strom hr_linija
de_elefant hr_sisavac
de_adjektiv hr_glagol
de_schnecke hr_životinja
de_bruder hr_bratstvo
de_fahrrad hr_vozilo
hr_kivi de_obst
hr_životinja de_biest
de_mantel hr_kamin
de_königreich hr_teritorij
hr_mikrovalna de_gerät
de_strom hr_kisik
de_schicksal hr_haljina
de_toilette hr_komunikacija
de_glaube hr_praznovjerje
de_tunnel hr_prolaz
hr_ladica de_brust
de_fehler hr_vladar
de_hinzufügen hr_pomnožiti
de_behalten hr_dati
hr_vilica de_mode
de_gehen hr_odbaciti
de_walross hr_sisavac
hr_šiljak de_schuh
hr_biskup de_könig
de_treiben hr_plutati
de_gruppe hr_zbor
hr_bubanj de_instrument
de_übung hr_aktivnost
de_ausführen hr_pjevati
de_stellen hr_dati
de_bewegen hr_istovariti
de_bewerten hr_odraziti
hr_neprijatelj de_freund
hr_automobil de_fahrzeug
de_entdecker hr_moreplovac
de_reim hr_večera
de_lid hr_oko
de_dichter hr_osoba
de_racquetball hr_sport
de_mensch hr_muškarac
hr_mehaničar de_arbeitnehmer
hr_konj de_säugetier
hr_tuga de_vater
hr_stolica de_möbel
hr_kviz de_prüfung
hr_pastrva de_fisch
de_anhänger hr_vođa
hr_prasak de_lärm
hr_tekućina de_wasser
de_kunst hr_skulptura
de_fernsehen hr_medij
de_mensch hr_sisavac
hr_pijesak de_strand
hr_svojstvo de_gesicht
hr_bicikl de_fahrzeug
de_geisel hr_zarobljenik
hr_kirurg de_arzt
hr_slomiti de_zermalmen
de_diebstahl hr_dodatak
de_pudding hr_desert
hr_dragulj de_edelstein
de_manguste hr_životinja
hr_inč de_maß
de_leck hr_rupa
de_experte hr_profesionalac
hr_kisik de_wasser
de_skalpell hr_kanarinac
de_maulwurf hr_životinja
de_herde hr_skupina
de_heuschrecke hr_cvrčak
hr_puška de_pistole
hr_ugušiti de_töten
hr_sandala de_schuh
hr_stolica de_toilette
de_person hr_građanin
hr_čitatelj de_person
hr_kvadrat de_kreis
hr_obilje de_knappheit
de_vereinen hr_podijeliti
hr_časnik de_polizei
hr_štene de_tier
hr_materijal de_gummi
de_mitarbeiter hr_radnik
hr_mošus de_duft
hr_scena de_bild
de_fazit hr_početak
hr_gutati de_verschwenden
de_beobachten hr_zaustaviti
hr_uzeti de_behalten
hr_predvorje de_seide
de_alligator hr_gmaz
hr_meso de_mensch
hr_kit de_höhle
de_heugabel hr_smjesa
de_sport hr_odbojka
de_gesellschaft hr_narod
de_zitrone hr_voće
de_squash hr_igra
de_werbespot hr_oglas
de_kanu hr_čamac
de_wal hr_špilja
hr_matematika de_wissenschaft
de_buchstabe hr_znak
hr_pištolj de_waffe
hr_tjestenina de_salat
hr_rana de_verletzung
hr_vuk de_tier
de_detail hr_poanta
hr_kišobran de_schutz
hr_jug de_norden
hr_mjerač de_bürgersteig
hr_rak de_krankheit
hr_ujak de_tante
de_ulme hr_hrast
hr_strijela de_wunde
hr_napomenuti de_erschlagen
de_akzeptieren hr_obnoviti
hr_jagoda de_obst
de_symptom hr_orhideja
de_löffel hr_vilica
de_meter hr_mjera
de_seehund hr_životinja
de_rotkehlchen hr_ptica
de_liebe hr_osjećaj
hr_sok de_milch
hr_violina de_geige
hr_brava de_tür
de_effekt hr_reakcija
hr_alkohol de_substanz
de_frau hr_heroina
de_chor hr_skupina
hr_kuhinja de_schlafzimmer
hr_oprostiti de_überzeugen
hr_srebro de_metall
hr_galon de_pint
hr_pojam de_verfassung
hr_roditelj de_vorfahr
hr_simptom de_schmerzen
de_hand hr_ruka
de_beobachten hr_gledati
de_brot hr_sendvič
de_wissen hr_predviđanje
de_offizier hr_zakon
de_spalte hr_papir
hr_plovilo de_fahrzeug
hr_napustiti de_steuern
de_schublade hr_ured
hr_skvoš de_spiel
hr_izlet de_reise
hr_razgovor de_kommunikation
de_zwiebel hr_hrana
hr_instrument de_skalpell
de_verweigern hr_zdrobiti
hr_voda de_substanz
de_fahrzeug hr_automobil
hr_udariti de_knallen
de_ersticken hr_ubiti
de_helium hr_plin
de_leistung hr_glina
de_gas hr_automobil
de_material hr_najlon
hr_znanje de_voraussicht
de_stickstoff hr_kisik
de_beil hr_alat
de_nichte hr_sin
hr_osjećaj de_angst
de_symbol hr_slovo
hr_dupin de_sauerstoff
de_mais hr_hrana
de_zeremonie hr_diploma
hr_kada de_badezimmer
de_regenbogen hr_nebo
de_person hr_penjač
hr_odbojka de_sport
hr_integritet de_arbeitnehmer
hr_umak de_soße
de_begehren hr_napad
de_rücken hr_rame
hr_sestrinstvo de_organisation
de_sauerstoff hr_plin
hr_kralj de_königin
hr_dušik de_element
de_norden hr_smjer
hr_bakar de_bronze
hr_protuotrov de_medizin
de_hinweis hr_sestrinstvo
de_schnitt hr_ozljeda
de_grund hr_intelekt
de_kanarienvogel hr_pero
hr_pramac de_toilette
de_verstehen hr_vrednovati
hr_krilo de_flugzeug
de_berühren hr_zgrabiti
de_vorderseite hr_pozadina
de_nachdenken hr_razmišljati
hr_autoritet de_macht
hr_alat de_schraubendreher
hr_zapad de_richtung
hr_nogomet de_sport
de_straße hr_put
de_schicksal hr_mornar
hr_razred de_gruppe
hr_tjedan de_monat
hr_džoker de_karte
hr_jazz de_musik
de_lamm hr_životinja
de_fass hr_spremnik
hr_softball de_fußball
hr_pomaknuti de_bleiben
hr_mit de_legende
de_orange hr_voće
de_baumwolle hr_materijal
de_tornado hr_tajfun
de_schutz hr_kaciga
hr_maramica de_mahlzeit
de_summen hr_zviždati
hr_mlažnjak de_flugzeug
hr_sjekirica de_werkzeug
hr_heroina de_frau
de_tastatur hr_klavir
hr_vladar de_diktator
hr_kraljevstvo de_gebiet
hr_odsutnost de_medizin
de_braun hr_zelena
hr_pilula de_medikation
hr_skupina de_chor
de_debattieren hr_razgovor
hr_mozak de_bewegung
hr_oružje de_dolch
hr_biljka de_tier
de_korbwiege hr_kolijevka
hr_pauza de_laufen
de_warten hr_ugrabiti
de_stickstoff hr_element
hr_sila de_schwere
de_essig hr_kiselina
de_kricket hr_igra
de_kastanienbraun hr_boja
de_verfahren hr_operacija
de_schuster hr_pita
de_känguru hr_životinja
hr_srp de_werkzeug
hr_kovčeg de_gepäck
de_subtrahieren hr_pomnožiti
de_novize hr_početnik
de_scheibe hr_prozor
de_pfirsich hr_kruška
de_schinken hr_meso
hr_remi de_spiel
de_golf hr_igra
hr_tri de_sechs
hr_rulja de_gruppe
de_wortschatz hr_govor
hr_uređaj de_waschmaschine
de_katze hr_životinja
hr_rum de_alkohol
hr_sef de_bank
hr_vijak de_schloss
hr_šljiva de_obst
hr_govoriti de_klopfen
de_verzichten hr_poraziti
hr_šišmiš de_tier
de_vater hr_majka
de_versagen hr_uspjeh
de_wein hr_grožđe
de_kiwi hr_voće
de_kamera hr_anatomija
hr_vući de_drücken
hr_grana de_baum
de_spielball hr_igračka
hr_oštrica de_messer
de_schlucken hr_upropastiti
de_pinguin hr_ptica
de_nikotin hr_duhan
hr_sisavac de_tier
hr_formula de_bäcker
hr_jupiter de_pluto
hr_bolest de_krebs
hr_pravokutnik de_form
hr_plodovi_mora de_muschel
de_kind hr_koza
de_lachs hr_riba
hr_dušik de_sauerstoff
de_ehemann hr_zmija
de_saturn hr_planet
de_mission hr_zadatak
hr_kapak de_auge
hr_okno de_fenster
de_wolkenkratzer hr_zgrada
de_gabel hr_moda
de_spiel hr_šah
hr_liječenje de_behandlung
hr_govoriti de_schreien
hr_držati de_warten
hr_trgovina de_geschäft
hr_palačinka de_waffel
hr_siromaštvo de_disziplin
hr_puška de_waffe
de_steuerung hr_eksperiment
hr_detalj de_punkt
hr_usta de_gesicht
de_mutter hr_otac
de_professor hr_osoblje
de_füttern hr_gladovati
hr_skup de_fest
de_königin hr_kraljevstvo
de_stickstoff hr_vodik
de_mörder hr_ubojica
hr_labud de_tier
hr_klavir de_instrument
hr_slovo de_symbol
de_wunde hr_ozljeda
de_horn hr_bik
de_ereignis hr_posteljina
de_schlucken hr_prodavati
hr_pridjev de_verb
hr_keks de_zitrusgewächs
hr_jetra de_biologe
hr_brašno de_teig
hr_ručak de_frühstück
hr_žlica de_gabel
hr_najlon de_baumwolle
de_abschleppen hr_reći
hr_podijeliti de_hinzufügen
de_enzyklopädie hr_knjiga
de_schraube hr_čavao
hr_kolačić de_lebensmittel
de_fledermaus hr_životinja
de_blume hr_orhideja
hr_odreći_se de_schütteln
hr_truba de_instrument
hr_atmosfera de_mörder
de_geschichte hr_dragulj
de_lippe hr_jezik
hr_prevrnuti de_verteidigen
de_gegenmittel hr_lijek
hr_osoba de_inhaber
hr_motocikl de_fahrrad
de_vater hr_sin
de_lebensmittel hr_kobasica
de_mauer hr_soba
de_see hr_voda
de_kühlschrank hr_lopta
hr_tunel de_passage
de_verschmutzung hr_čamac
hr_čekić de_krebs
de_geduld hr_nestrpljenje
de_poesie hr_proza
de_subtraktion hr_rezidencija
de_tier hr_zvijer
de_teilen hr_razderati
de_kredit hr_kupina
de_woche hr_mjesec
de_falke hr_orao
hr_odvojiti de_anfügen
hr_tele de_tier
hr_pastuh de_stier
hr_sjever de_süden
de_hase hr_sinagoga
hr_antilop de_leder
hr_scena de_film
hr_odabir de_wahl
hr_pobjednik de_verlierer
hr_izračunati de_liefern
de_matratze hr_zbrajanje
de_puppe hr_igračka
hr_perilica de_gerät
de_tochter hr_sin
de_gurt hr_grudnjak
de_wirbelwind hr_oluja
de_sand hr_plaža
de_frosch hr_životinja
de_zeitschrift hr_knjiga
hr_ugovor de_dokument
hr_krivnja de_unschuld
de_rennen hr_kontrolirati
hr_kupus de_lebensmittel
de_jeep hr_vozilo
de_winter hr_period
hr_violina de_cello
de_braut hr_okupljanje
hr_toster de_gerät
de_fuß hr_noga
hr_metodist de_baptist
de_außenseite hr_unutra
de_erinnern hr_pitati
hr_razgovarati de_adressieren
hr_leš de_thron
hr_dojam de_handlung
hr_zglob de_arm
de_sturm hr_tajfun
de_brot hr_nogomet
de_pfad hr_leopard
hr_kornjača de_tier
hr_žena de_kunst
hr_kobra de_schlange
de_schreiber hr_osoba
hr_stručnost de_krieg
hr_hrvanje de_sport
hr_sukob de_krieg
de_familie hr_dom
de_einrasten hr_iskočiti
hr_lakat de_gelenk
hr_pećnica de_gerät
de_sirene hr_signal
de_leitartikel hr_novine
de_schwan hr_životinja
hr_potok de_strom
hr_krafna de_lebensmittel
de_getränk hr_tonik
hr_svjetiljka de_tisch
de_metzger hr_pekar
de_gänserich hr_ptica
hr_sposobnost de_führung
de_braut hr_vjenčanje
de_lilie hr_biljka
hr_nakit de_ohrring
hr_kraljica de_dusche
de_steppdecke hr_pokrivač
hr_sjekirica de_axt
hr_oružje de_feuerwaffe
hr_labud de_ausflug
hr_madrac de_bett
de_eingestehen hr_kupiti
de_akzeptieren hr_poreći
de_glaube hr_religija
hr_erodirati de_necken
hr_balerina de_tänzer
hr_izblijediti de_verschwinden
de_zucchini hr_hrana
de_kupfer hr_novčanik
hr_sok de_getränk
de_recyceln hr_baciti
hr_sljedbenik de_führer
hr_sardina de_lebensmittel
hr_pustinja de_oase
hr_novčić de_brieftasche
hr_prst de_daumen
hr_gripa de_krankheit
hr_odred de_gruppe
hr_rog de_instrument
hr_kaciga de_tasche
hr_mjerač de_maß
de_schüssel hr_kuglanje
hr_dagnja de_meeresfrüchte
hr_tenor de_verlierer
hr_trošarina de_mwst
hr_proizvod de_hafen
de_rettich hr_mrkva
hr_bolest de_gesundheit
hr_pingvin de_vogel
hr_misija de_aufgabe
hr_orada de_fisch
de_gast hr_osoba
de_abwesenheit hr_medicina
de_kader hr_tim
de_maut hr_pristojba
hr_rudar de_arbeitnehmer
hr_traktor de_fahrzeug
hr_lopatica de_utensil
de_mob hr_skupina
hr_osa de_biene
hr_simptom de_krankheit
de_sagen hr_svjedočiti
hr_crtež de_skizze
hr_čovjekoliki_majmun de_säugetier
de_schauen hr_vrednovati
hr_idol de_schwert
de_töten hr_ugušiti
de_reisen hr_autostopirati
hr_preraditi de_verschwenden
hr_mrkva de_lebensmittel
de_räuber hr_tama
hr_kći de_kind
de_waschbär hr_životinja
hr_tenor de_bass
de_pflanze hr_repa
hr_imenica de_verb
de_mama hr_roditelj
hr_orah de_baum
hr_brašno de_brot
de_amateur hr_stručnjak
hr_skladište de_lager
de_verkäufer hr_osoba
de_kalbfleisch hr_meso
hr_signal de_stopplicht
de_haut hr_kosa
de_produzent hr_tvorac
hr_dupin de_fisch
de_dame hr_dvorac
de_stern hr_galaksija
hr_stopalo de_bein
de_hohlraum hr_štakor
de_strumpf hr_najlonka
de_bruder hr_sestra
de_verlassen hr_kontrolirati
hr_tikvica de_lebensmittel
de_trompete hr_instrument
hr_ružičasta de_lila
hr_košulja de_mikroskop
de_unschuld hr_grožđe
de_pkw hr_automobil
hr_gorila de_primat
de_linie hr_mast
de_blüte hr_klokan
hr_želudac de_abdomen
hr_podjela de_gruppe
hr_zmija de_tier
de_treiber hr_truba
de_erröten hr_razjasniti
hr_buba de_insekt
hr_lav de_tiger
hr_uspon de_abstieg
de_sohn hr_kćer
hr_peta de_fuß
de_sauerstoff hr_voda
hr_puding de_dessert
hr_sisavac de_delphin
de_handgelenk hr_ruka
de_lutscher hr_slatkiš
hr_atletičar de_sportler
hr_iščeznuti de_verblassen
de_nummer hr_osam
hr_alt de_tenor
hr_janje de_schaf
de_schwingen hr_postaviti
hr_poraziti de_verzichten
de_bart hr_koza
hr_uš de_insekt
hr_stotina de_nummer
de_nelke hr_biljka
hr_grožđe de_extremität
hr_grančica de_ast
de_merkmal hr_lice
hr_regija de_partner
de_schauen hr_škiljiti
de_garnele hr_plodovi_mora
de_verzichten hr_tresti
hr_golf de_spiel
de_verfassung hr_dokument
de_horn hr_automobil
de_zustimmung hr_klupa
de_reiten hr_hodati
de_ellbogen hr_zglob
de_bein hr_stolica
de_seide hr_materijal
de_fußball hr_sport
de_passage hr_skakavac
hr_odbaciti de_gehen
de_konflikt hr_neslaganje
hr_voziti de_gehen
hr_cestarina de_gebühr
hr_tikva de_gemüse
hr_ljuljati de_einstellen
hr_četiri de_zwei
de_krippe hr_liječenje
de_wissenschaft hr_matematika
hr_konobarica de_arbeitnehmer
hr_dotaknuti de_klopfen
de_teilen hr_pribaviti
hr_novak de_anfänger
hr_hladnjak de_gerät
de_krokodil hr_životinja
de_könig hr_kraljica
de_wildleder hr_materijal
hr_zanat de_stricken
de_gedicht hr_sonet
hr_rog de_auto
hr_papar de_salz
hr_tkivo de_knochen
de_kohl hr_povrće
de_leder hr_antilop
de_mahlzeit hr_užina
hr_zvijezda de_schale
hr_potpetica de_schuh
de_klasse hr_skupina
de_stopplicht hr_signal
de_bach hr_tok
hr_sjesti de_liegen
hr_korov de_pflanze
de_kehle hr_vrat
de_pilz hr_ljubaznost
de_nylon hr_materijal
hr_žaba de_tier
de_kellnerin hr_poslužiteljica
hr_trčati de_steuern
hr_stopa de_maß
hr_postupak de_träne
hr_kanarinac de_feder
de_gras hr_otrov
de_meeresfrüchte hr_riba
de_handschuh hr_rukavica_s_palcem
de_gewehr hr_vatreno_oružje
de_augenbraue hr_lice
de_gans hr_životinja
de_katze hr_sisavac
de_wischen hr_uloviti
hr_oboa de_instrument
hr_slika de_fernsehen
de_gans hr_ptica
hr_lijek de_ursache
hr_brat de_schwester
de_mehl hr_kruh
de_bauen hr_stvoriti
hr_majka de_vater
de_kompetenz hr_rat
de_bewegen hr_naguravati
hr_osjećaj de_ekstase
de_ruhesessel hr_sjedalo
de_schlagen hr_trčati
hr_tipkovnica de_arm
de_beschleunigen hr_priznati
de_verteidigung hr_napad
de_sonett hr_pjesma
hr_činiti de_sein
hr_nogometna_lopta de_ball
hr_sonet de_gedicht
hr_cvijet de_delikt
de_schwimmen hr_trčati
de_bekommen hr_unovačiti
hr_mit de_fiktion
de_gefängnis hr_zatvor
hr_organizacija de_stiftung
de_herrscher hr_diktator
hr_pogledati de_schauen
hr_pitati de_bitten
hr_diktator de_herrscher
de_ahorn hr_drvo
de_entlassen hr_otići
de_verlies hr_dvorac
de_wald hr_džungla
de_pfirsich hr_voće
hr_lipa de_penny
de_schütteln hr_tonuti
hr_korov de_gift
de_feld hr_stadion
de_nylon hr_pamuk
de_offizier hr_kaplar
de_attackieren hr_ukloniti
hr_zec de_synagoge
hr_grlo de_hals
hr_kirurgija de_urlaub
de_kreuzung hr_kornjača
de_buchstabe hr_abeceda
de_könig hr_vođa
hr_ograničenje de_grenze
hr_religija de_glaube
hr_ekipa de_mannschaft
de_signal hr_svjetlo
hr_kazna de_belohnung
hr_redovnica de_softball
de_prisma hr_oblik
de_fragen hr_moliti
hr_duga de_himmel
hr_simbol de_brief
hr_skvoš de_sport
hr_gozba de_versammlung
de_floh hr_insekt
de_traktor hr_vozilo
hr_koža de_material
hr_kaciga de_schutz
de_satan hr_bog
de_süden hr_smjer
hr_spasiti de_abstürzen
hr_devet de_nummer
hr_otac de_mutter
hr_sova de_vogel
hr_povrće de_spinat
de_maler hr_umjetnik
hr_zavoj de_aberglaube
hr_kaktus de_pflanze
hr_okidač de_gewehr
de_boden hr_pljusak
de_kette hr_zavoj
de_glück hr_emocija
de_abwesenheit hr_prisutnost
de_lendenfilet hr_meso
de_nehmen hr_zadržati
hr_drvo de_pflanze
hr_srna de_tier
hr_dinosaur de_tier
hr_koža de_wildleder
hr_osoba de_bergsteiger
de_professor hr_fakultet
de_schulter hr_lakat
hr_bora de_haut
hr_majmun de_tier
de_dinosaurier hr_životinja
hr_životinja de_ente
de_sonnenuntergang hr_izlazak
hr_izvan de_innenseite
hr_krug de_form
hr_vještica de_frau
hr_pivo de_flüssigkeit
hr_jutro de_intelligenz
hr_bubreg de_organ
hr_vodik de_helium
hr_nakit de_ring
de_schiff hr_vozilo
hr_plin de_auto
de_reptil hr_životinja
hr_pita de_lebensmittel
hr_vrat de_strom
de_knöchel hr_noga
hr_rukavica de_fäustling
de_vergewaltigung hr_zločin
de_badewanne hr_kupaonica
de_hals hr_potok
hr_tekućina de_tastatur
hr_podatak de_information
de_vereinen hr_vjenčati
de_papier hr_materijal
hr_časnik de_korporal
hr_deblo de_oase
de_arbeitnehmer hr_mehaničar
de_koffein hr_kava
hr_tjedan de_jahr
de_zerquetschen hr_demolirati
hr_indijski_oraščić de_nuss
hr_žumanjak de_ei
hr_cesta de_allee
hr_gušter de_tier
de_leber hr_srce
hr_graf de_diagramm
hr_primiti de_erhalten
de_tag hr_tjedan
hr_princ de_kapitän
hr_portret de_bild
hr_školjka de_meeresfrüchte
de_gänserich hr_biologija
de_infinitesimalrechnung hr_trigonometrija
de_eishockey hr_sport
de_kanarienvogel hr_ptica
de_olympia hr_događaj
hr_neboder de_gebäude
de_politik hr_vlada
hr_slovo de_zeichen
de_herrscher hr_car
de_erodieren hr_raspasti_se
hr_ugrabiti de_greifen
de_mahlzeit hr_nalivpero
de_struktur hr_arhitektura
hr_tretman de_medikation
hr_parfem de_deodorant
hr_postupak de_betrieb
de_kalbfleisch hr_hrana
de_krautsalat hr_salata
hr_tkanina de_seide
de_aberglaube hr_vjerovanje
hr_sigurnost de_versicherung
de_ente hr_ptica
hr_stopalo de_pflanze
hr_medij de_fernsehen
de_abendessen hr_dinosaur
de_märchen hr_priča
hr_supruga de_frau
hr_točka de_schwert
de_kühlschrank hr_uređaj
hr_prikupiti de_drehen
de_ehefrau hr_prsten
de_aufstieg hr_silazak
hr_dinstati de_kochen
hr_mač de_waffe
hr_znanost de_mathematik
de_baumwolle hr_poliester
hr_popeti_se de_absteigen
de_pilz hr_hrana
de_bergmann hr_radnik
hr_cent de_dollar
de_brühe hr_juha
hr_slikar de_künstler
hr_političar de_gouverneur
de_aufsteigen hr_napustiti
hr_keks de_lebensmittel
hr_plin de_automobil
de_keks hr_agrum
hr_sram de_schande
de_kamin hr_labud
hr_lanac de_bandage
hr_koza de_kind
hr_jetra de_organ
de_fülle hr_nestašica
de_banane hr_voće
hr_osoba de_herausgeber
hr_prsa de_truthahn
de_ziege hr_dijete
hr_limuzina de_migräne
de_kellnerin hr_radnica
hr_početak de_ende
hr_kukuruz de_lebensmittel
de_pferd hr_pastuh
de_verfahren hr_suza
de_banjo hr_instrument
de_volleyball hr_sport
hr_ulica de_garnele
hr_obitelj de_zuhause
de_schreiber hr_račun
de_aufzug hr_zgrada
hr_bakar de_messing
hr_med de_zucker
hr_hihotati_se de_lachen
hr_svemir de_welt
de_macht hr_gravitacija
hr_napredovati de_rückziehen
de_trauer hr_radost
de_gasse hr_ulica
hr_bujon de_brühe
de_feder hr_flota
hr_šljunak de_stein
hr_piće de_bier
hr_operacija de_geist
de_fachmann hr_profesor
de_freund hr_djevojka
de_erschlagen hr_ubiti
hr_doći de_verlassen
hr_izračunati de_kalkulieren
de_ziehen hr_gurnuti
de_verschleiern hr_sakriti
de_dunkelheit hr_flanel
hr_kruh de_lebensmittel
hr_glava de_stift
hr_ekstremitet de_bein
de_partei hr_skupina
hr_vijak de_nagel
hr_dodati de_subtrahieren
de_pasta hr_salata
hr_šest de_nummer
hr_povjetarac de_wind
de_fleisch hr_čovjek
de_kochen hr_spaliti
hr_plavo de_farbe
hr_zmija de_schwäche
hr_vrana de_vogel
de_geschichte hr_pripovijest
de_ermöglichen hr_vratiti
de_zehennagel hr_prst
hr_nesposobnost de_fähigkeit
hr_dizalo de_gebäude
de_schraubendreher hr_čekić
hr_stopa de_zoll
de_krebs hr_bolest
hr_limeta de_obst
hr_pjesma de_sonett
de_bein hr_bedro
hr_nezaposlenost de_beschäftigung
hr_saksofon de_instrument
de_beil hr_sjekira
hr_odgoditi de_zeigen
de_sprechen hr_komunicirati
de_gemälde hr_perilica
hr_karfiol de_brokkoli
de_seide hr_tkanina
de_chemie hr_nož
hr_hrabrost de_streugut
hr_grašak de_lebensmittel
hr_lipa de_nickel
hr_grgeč de_fisch
hr_ustav de_dokument
hr_nokat de_zehe
hr_golubica de_vogel
hr_limuzina de_fahrzeug
de_quadrat hr_oblik
de_schublade hr_škrinja
hr_blato de_religion
hr_sporazum de_bank
de_knöchel hr_prst
hr_pecivo de_lebensmittel
hr_oružje de_schwert
hr_tekućina de_substanz
de_tugend hr_pejzaž
hr_kokoš de_hähnchen
hr_kolijevka de_krippe
hr_kupac de_person
de_marmor hr_kamen
hr_posuditi de_stören
de_hüfte hr_tijelo
de_aufsatz hr_odlomak
hr_pluća de_organ
de_lehm hr_posuđe
hr_crijevo de_leber
de_erheben hr_pasti
de_wal hr_sisavac
hr_aleja de_straße
de_skalpell hr_instrument
de_kopf hr_igla
de_pferd hr_sisavac
hr_sisavac de_elefant
hr_oblik de_prisma
de_feder hr_ptica
hr_riža de_lebensmittel
de_fisch hr_ventil
hr_trans de_zustand
de_punkt hr_igla
de_leopard hr_tigar
hr_obmana de_betrug
hr_mačka de_aussehen
hr_prsten de_schmuck
hr_predak de_vater
hr_dotaknuti de_greifen
de_mutter hr_žena
de_geweih hr_jelen
hr_oklop de_schildkröte
hr_igračka de_spielzeug
de_gangster hr_banda
hr_trombon de_instrument
hr_obrok de_abendessen
hr_plast de_gewinner
de_krabbe hr_životinja
de_stock hr_stabljika
hr_ubojica de_dieb
hr_službenik de_infinitesimalrechnung
hr_zadirkivati de_ausführen
de_tastatur hr_pisaći_stroj
de_onkel hr_tetka
hr_razumjeti de_bewerten
hr_vrhunac de_geschichte
hr_ujediniti de_heiraten
de_limit hr_granica
hr_zub de_säge
de_integrität hr_radnik
de_bewegung hr_aktivnost
hr_zadovoljstvo de_schmerzen
de_jupiter hr_pluton
hr_tuljan de_säugetier
de_ofen hr_štednjak
hr_natjecanje de_taschenrechner
de_offizier hr_policija
hr_hipoteza de_schwimmbad
de_diamant hr_biser
hr_voće de_kirsche
de_helm hr_džep
hr_odabrati de_wählen
de_hecht hr_riba
de_leder hr_materijal
de_scham hr_sramota
hr_škamp de_meeresfrüchte
hr_sastanak de_konferenz
de_extremität hr_noga
de_radio hr_medij
hr_stvorenje de_wolf
de_baseball hr_igra
de_rühren hr_skrenuti
hr_lisičine de_ärmel
de_dämmerung hr_zalazak
de_tenor hr_gubitnik
hr_stroj de_computer
de_finger hr_rukavica
de_daten hr_informacija
hr_zaštita de_helm
hr_trigonometrija de_algebra
hr_prtljažnik de_auto
hr_grašak de_gemüse
de_kochen hr_zamrznuti
de_milch hr_tekućina
hr_košarka de_sport
de_kind hr_kćer
hr_prijatelj de_partner
de_nase hr_lice
hr_trkač de_athlet
de_kugel hr_globus
hr_narukvica de_halskette
hr_posao de_aktivität
hr_sisavac de_katze
hr_krađa de_zusatz
hr_fitilj de_kerze
hr_tikva de_bedeutung
de_ellbogen hr_ruka
hr_dlijeto de_werkzeug
de_gedanke hr_vjerovanje
hr_krilo de_engel
hr_krevet de_möbel
hr_breskva de_obst
hr_ubrzati de_bauen
de_kofferraum hr_oaza
de_reiniger hr_sapun
de_weste hr_džemper
de_held hr_zlikovac
de_beerdigung hr_ceremonija
de_ohr hr_glava
de_delphin hr_riba
de_ruhesessel hr_namještaj
de_bewegen hr_ostati
hr_smog de_leistung
de_brust hr_purica
hr_pramac de_hafen
hr_doba de_zeit
de_kies hr_kamen
hr_stvorenje de_insekt
de_methodist hr_baptist
de_insekt hr_komarac
hr_saksofon de_behandlung
de_lkw hr_vozilo
de_streiken hr_promašiti
de_abfahren hr_stići
de_rubin hr_kristal
de_schnappen hr_zgrabiti
hr_crijevo de_bauch
de_kopfschmerzen hr_simptom
de_hohlraum hr_zub
hr_biologija de_wissenschaft
de_vorlesung hr_razred
hr_rastaviti de_brennen
hr_amater de_himmel
hr_uređaj de_telefon
de_olive hr_hrana
de_wettbewerb hr_utrka
de_politiker hr_senator
hr_usna de_mund
de_entschuldigen hr_uvjeriti
hr_mora de_traum
de_verkaufen hr_potvrditi
de_basketball hr_sport
de_erdnuss hr_indijski_oraščić
de_mund hr_lice
de_dachboden hr_kuća
de_dachgeschoss hr_kuća
hr_aligator de_reptil
de_mädchen hr_osoba
hr_koža de_gewebe
hr_komarac de_insekt
hr_oduzeti de_multiplizieren
de_joghurt hr_hrana
de_ermöglichen hr_prikačiti
hr_cement de_stein
de_vergnügen hr_bol
de_ringen hr_sport
hr_poremećaj de_auftrag
de_straße hr_bulevar
de_verzögern hr_žuriti
de_zeitung hr_časnik
de_tier hr_slon
hr_tajfun de_sturm
de_schale hr_kornjača
de_laden hr_dućan
de_aufrichtigkeit hr_poštenje
hr_ovratnik de_hals
hr_aritmetika de_kopfsalat
hr_krater de_vulkan
hr_najlon de_material
hr_azija de_afrika
hr_torbica de_schüssel
hr_faza de_räuber
hr_orhideja de_pflanze
de_bewegen hr_tegliti
de_grippe hr_bolest
de_möbel hr_krevet
de_globus hr_sfera
de_gruppe hr_legija
de_bouillon hr_juha
de_gerät hr_kralježnica
hr_peraja de_fisch
hr_tkivo de_brücke
de_mandarine hr_voće
de_direktor hr_nadglednik
de_job hr_aktivnost
hr_uništiti de_schmecken
de_sagen hr_preporučiti
hr_stuba de_treppe
hr_leđa de_körper
de_abhilfe hr_uzrok
de_fisch hr_morski_pas
de_kuh hr_životinja
de_frieden hr_rat
de_ring hr_nakit
hr_palac de_finger
de_sammeln hr_zavrtiti
de_elternteil hr_predak
hr_profesor de_fachmann
de_sitz hr_tron
hr_poručnik de_mut
hr_cilj de_erfolg
de_alkohol hr_supstanca
de_geldbörse hr_konobar
hr_čili de_lebensmittel
de_prinzessin hr_princ
de_verzögern hr_pokazati
de_brieftasche hr_aktovka
de_toaster hr_uređaj
hr_tjedan de_anfang
hr_odrastao de_kind
hr_supružnik de_ehe
de_substantiv hr_pridjev
hr_lijek de_tablette
de_nussbaum hr_stablo
de_stiftung hr_organizacija
hr_baterija de_agentur
hr_otac de_vorfahr
hr_tanjur de_löffel
hr_pogreška de_herrscher
hr_hrast de_kiefer
hr_pločnik de_gehweg
de_mehl hr_vjenčanje
hr_reći de_bezeugen
hr_autostopirati de_reisen
de_dom hr_građevina
hr_tavan de_haus
hr_amater de_besitz
hr_maturalna de_party
de_stinktier hr_životinja
hr_top de_gewehr
hr_pogubiti de_töten
de_softball hr_nogomet
de_wüste hr_oaza
de_bier hr_piće
hr_jezgra de_atom
hr_umjetnost de_skulptur
hr_telefon de_gerät
de_honig hr_šećer
hr_dagnja de_jakobsmuschel
de_arbeitnehmer hr_stolar
de_lippenstift hr_klasa
de_schwester hr_sestrinstvo
de_wasserstoff hr_helij
hr_časopis de_buch
hr_arhitektura de_wasser
hr_dušik de_wasserstoff
de_wal hr_kriket
hr_plivati de_laufen
de_motorrad hr_bicikl
hr_cesta de_autobahn
hr_izgraditi de_brechen
hr_prsluk de_sweatshirt
de_gerät hr_telefon
de_wahrnehmung hr_vid
hr_galeb de_vogel
hr_pila de_werkzeug
de_höhepunkt hr_priča
de_feier hr_događaj
hr_mravojed de_tier
de_schweinefleisch hr_meso
de_feder hr_dikobraz
hr_nevinost de_traube
hr_kemičar de_wissenschaftler
de_truthahn hr_ptica
de_eigelb hr_jaje
de_moschus hr_miris
de_sellerie hr_povrće
hr_zid de_abteilung
hr_mandarina de_kern
de_tante hr_planet
hr_čovjek de_enzyklopädie
hr_kuhati de_dünsten
de_hacke hr_stopalo
hr_nadvladati de_verärgern
de_chor hr_pjesma
de_person hr_vlasnik
de_stoff hr_pamuk
hr_događaj de_leinen
de_erwachsene hr_dijete
de_eingestehen hr_poreći
hr_braniti de_schützen
de_tier hr_gmaz
de_gewebe hr_kost
de_material hr_koža
hr_potkrovlje de_haus
de_zeigen hr_ujediniti
de_morgen hr_jučer
de_ente hr_životinja
de_sichel hr_alat
hr_deterdžent de_reiniger
de_schriftsteller hr_pjesnik
hr_uragan de_sturm
de_glied hr_drvo
hr_prijelaz de_schildkröte
de_gras hr_biljka
de_begriff hr_ustav
hr_zima de_sommer
hr_stroj de_gewürz
de_beere hr_trešnja
de_ziel hr_uspjeh
de_schwan hr_putovanje
de_jakobsmuschel hr_hrana
hr_toksin de_gift
de_rettich hr_povrće
hr_baseball de_sport
hr_stado de_gruppe
de_schemel hr_zahod
hr_ormar de_zimmer
hr_klub de_organisation
de_gewinner hr_gubitnik
hr_kriket de_sport
de_winter hr_ljeto
hr_breskva de_birne
de_eiweiß hr_meso
de_gelübde hr_obećanje
de_video hr_televizija
hr_orao de_vogel
de_erwiederung hr_odgovor
de_erdbeere hr_voće
hr_guska de_truthahn
de_stuhl hr_klupa
de_flüstern hr_razgovarati
hr_princeza de_vermögen
de_priester hr_rabin
hr_rame de_ellbogen
hr_znanost de_geologie
de_acht hr_broj
hr_vile de_werkzeug
hr_prihvatiti de_verweigern
de_zeichnung hr_skica
hr_pamuk de_stoff
hr_kanta de_fass
de_saxophon hr_instrument
de_woche hr_godina
de_gelenk hr_lakat
hr_glavobolja de_symptom
hr_odaziv de_antwort
hr_porcija de_menge
hr_skica de_zeichnung
de_reizen hr_potrošiti
hr_buha de_insekt
hr_prsluk de_hemd
de_kamerad hr_brak
hr_peta de_stiefel
hr_ruka de_extremität
hr_oduzimanje de_villa
hr_tama de_flanell
hr_životinja de_elefant
de_eindruck hr_čin
hr_novine de_offizier
de_zeitraum hr_pubertet
hr_tipkovnica de_klavier
hr_dijete de_tochter
de_erdferkel hr_životinja
de_ufer hr_plaža
de_sprechen hr_vrištati
hr_glava de_schwanz
hr_ceremonija de_beerdigung
hr_strah de_tenor
de_morgen hr_noć
hr_kraljica de_königtum
de_schach hr_igra
hr_dijamant de_kristall
hr_trauma de_verletzung
hr_zdrobiti de_zerstören
hr_prihvatiti de_wiederherstellen
de_sprechen hr_kucati
de_schreibmaschine hr_stroj
de_säugetier hr_dupin
hr_salata de_lebensmittel
hr_mjesec de_jahr
de_werfer hr_hvatač
de_besetzung hr_pokazati
hr_odbojka de_spiel
hr_guska de_vogel
de_stern hr_ljuska
hr_ljiljan de_pflanze
de_allee hr_cesta
de_amateur hr_raj
hr_limun de_obst
de_armee hr_demokracija
de_brechen hr_zdrobiti
de_snack hr_obrok
hr_obećanje de_steigen
de_junge hr_dijete
hr_slap de_tennis
hr_uređaj de_geschirrspüler
hr_džungla de_wald
de_menge hr_količina
de_vier hr_broj
hr_metar de_einheit
de_verschwinden hr_izblijediti
hr_skupina de_legion
hr_slabost de_stärke
hr_predavanje de_klasse
hr_prositi de_schlucken
de_ohr hr_zaposlenik
hr_ruž de_klasse
de_reminiszenz hr_sjećanje
hr_losos de_fisch
hr_atom de_mythologie
de_instrument hr_gitara
hr_točka de_bleistift
de_streit hr_sukob
de_unterbrechen hr_objasniti
hr_zalistak de_herz
hr_radnica de_kellnerin
de_kammer hr_ćelija
de_feind hr_prijatelj
hr_voda de_flüssigkeit
hr_badem de_erdnuss
hr_luk de_lebensmittel
de_taschenrechner hr_računalo
hr_gajde de_orgel
hr_udariti de_verpassen
de_baseball hr_nogomet
de_wettbewerb hr_kalkulator
hr_tvor de_tier
hr_rat de_konflikt
de_fahrzeug hr_alatka
de_vergnügen hr_stado
hr_bršljan de_pflanze
hr_motor de_zug
hr_gaćice de_unterwäsche
de_pfannkuchen hr_vafl
hr_junak de_schurke
de_meter hr_jedinica
de_gehirn hr_pokret
hr_olimpijada de_veranstaltung
de_projekt hr_element
de_periskop hr_podmornica
hr_plivati de_sinken
de_taube hr_ptica
hr_osoba de_gast
de_reptil hr_aligator
de_gebäude hr_katedrala
hr_ljubomora de_gefühl
hr_škamp de_hummer
de_eidechse hr_životinja
de_amateur hr_posjed
hr_kikiriki de_nuss
hr_orangutan de_primat
hr_promatrati de_bräunen
hr_tegliti de_sagen
hr_izgraditi de_erstellen
hr_pas de_tier
de_streiten hr_racionalizirati
de_pflicht hr_služba
hr_zmaj de_vogel
hr_maskirati de_verbergen
de_messgerät hr_mjera
hr_partner de_ehe
hr_pomaknuti de_abschleppen
hr_zgrada de_konstruktion
de_gefühl hr_ekstaza
hr_pjesnik de_schriftsteller
hr_prodavati de_bestätigen
de_joker hr_karta
hr_šarka de_tor
hr_uštipnuti de_berühren
de_rosa hr_ljubičasta
de_schweinefleisch hr_prase
hr_vijesti de_information
de_werfen hr_živcirati
de_faulenzen hr_sjediti
de_fortbewegung hr_kretanje
de_erbse hr_hrana
hr_cvijet de_pflanze
hr_oblik de_dreieck
de_drängen hr_predložiti
hr_geologija de_gedanke
de_woche hr_početak
de_blicken hr_gledati
hr_razgovor de_debattieren
hr_bijeda de_trauer
hr_sakriti de_entwickeln
de_aroma hr_rukav
de_heugabel hr_alat
hr_gmaz de_tier
hr_amater de_experte
de_blume hr_biljka
hr_razdoblje de_pubertät
hr_koljeno de_gelenk
de_ratte hr_životinja
hr_oštećenje de_schaden
hr_srce de_intellekt
hr_prisustvo de_aussehen
hr_roditelj de_kind
de_wasser hr_lokva
hr_djevojka de_junge
de_medizin hr_tableta
de_anmerken hr_ubiti
hr_helij de_gas
de_lebensmittel hr_ječam
hr_dijete de_ziege
de_zeremonie hr_pogreb
hr_odlutati de_schweben
hr_torta de_lebensmittel
hr_kamion de_fahrzeug
hr_mlijeko de_butter
de_limette hr_voće
de_körper hr_leš
hr_dobiti de_platzen
de_gewölbe hr_banka
de_eiweiß hr_mlijeko
de_auto hr_vlak
hr_puma de_katze
hr_bor de_baum
hr_kupus de_gemüse
de_spitze hr_olovka
hr_knjiga de_enzyklopädie
de_kofferraum hr_automobil
hr_dati de_nehmen
hr_ulica de_boulevard
hr_trešnja de_traube
de_softball hr_sport
hr_nevjesta de_versammlung
de_reichtum hr_siromaštvo
de_kreatur hr_buba
de_ehemann hr_supružnik
de_stoßzahn hr_slon
hr_ići de_entlassen
hr_zavjet de_versprechen
de_störung hr_red
hr_rak de_meeresfrüchte
hr_kofein de_tee
de_kompetenz hr_sposobnost
de_rüstung hr_tavan
hr_uređaj de_mikrowelle
hr_gangster de_gang
hr_bubnuti de_schleifen
de_herr hr_dama
hr_pero de_flotte
de_instrument hr_skalpel
de_sprengen hr_puknuti
hr_erodirati de_zerfallen
hr_leđa de_schulter
hr_sudbina de_strom
hr_glava de_pfeil
hr_tornado de_taifun
hr_pokajanje de_schuld
hr_pero de_stachelschwein
hr_slon de_vorlesung
hr_strpljenje de_ungeduld
de_hase hr_životinja
hr_štuka de_fisch
de_autobahn hr_cesta
hr_tjeskoba de_gefühl
de_porträt hr_slika
de_konferenz hr_sastanak
hr_piće de_gin
de_flüssigkeit hr_tvar
de_mandarine hr_jezgra
hr_cvijet de_orchidee
de_oboe hr_instrument
de_fuß hr_mjera
de_ohrring hr_nakit
hr_gledati de_schielen
hr_sarma de_lebensmittel
hr_harfa de_instrument
de_necken hr_nastupati
hr_reklama de_werbung
de_traube hr_hrana
hr_hokej de_sport
de_smog hr_dostignuće
de_zitrusgewächs hr_drvo
de_gras hr_bundeva
de_flügel hr_ptica
hr_sobarica de_diener
hr_klinčić de_pflanze
de_wildleder hr_koža
de_toilette hr_aligator
de_limousine hr_vozilo
de_verbrauchssteuer hr_porez
de_entfernen hr_istovariti
hr_dužnost de_dienst
de_herd hr_kat
hr_kemija de_messer
hr_aligator de_tier
hr_bjelančevina de_ei
hr_mandarina de_obst
de_lampe hr_stol
hr_lutka de_spielzeug
de_skulptur hr_crtež
hr_razlog de_intellekt
de_dieb hr_hulja
de_plätzchen hr_hrana
de_kupfer hr_bronca
hr_pocrvenjeti de_klären
hr_prečka de_leiter
hr_guma de_material
de_lingerie hr_rublje
de_pedal hr_bicikl
de_fingernagel hr_prst
de_gerste hr_hrana
hr_hokej de_satz
de_beschuldigen hr_staviti
de_gorilla hr_majmun
hr_uho de_mitarbeiter
hr_slika de_waschmaschine
hr_kuhalo de_herd
hr_oklop de_dachboden
de_chemie hr_znanost
hr_osoblje de_schule
hr_reći de_vorschlagen
de_hypothese hr_bazen
hr_hobi de_aktivität
de_bezirk hr_zemlja
hr_brat de_brüderlichkeit
de_gewebe hr_organ
de_mythos hr_legenda
de_unterhalten hr_debata
hr_puknuti de_platzen
hr_profesionalac de_amateur
hr_majmun de_humor
de_sieger hr_gubitnik
hr_instrument de_gitarre
de_parfüm hr_dezodorans
de_mann hr_žensko
de_form hr_trokut
hr_bujon de_suppe
de_studentenverbindung hr_organizacija
hr_pečenica de_fleisch
hr_nikotin de_tabak
de_stoßstange hr_automobil
de_person hr_govornik
hr_zid de_zimmer
de_klinge hr_kosilica
de_kreatur hr_vuk
hr_purica de_vogel
de_petersilie hr_kadulja
hr_dečko de_freundin
de_hören hr_vid
hr_operirati de_steuern
de_käse hr_maslac
hr_kupina de_obst
de_vier hr_dva
hr_zadržati de_geben
de_abendessen hr_ladica
hr_pozadina de_vorderseite
hr_zakonodavstvo de_legion
de_szene hr_film
de_ehepartner hr_brak
de_schwäche hr_snaga
hr_poezija de_prosa
de_sitzen hr_leći
hr_noga de_schenkel
de_rubin hr_dragulj
de_mittagessen hr_večera
hr_fotelja de_möbel
de_verteidigen hr_zaštititi
hr_komunikacija de_konversation
de_nonne hr_softball
de_zahn hr_pila
hr_tragedija de_komödie
de_schlangengift hr_otrov
de_halskette hr_narukvica
de_wolf hr_stvorenje
hr_svećenik de_rabbi
hr_rukomet de_sport
hr_tamnica de_schloss
hr_rotkvica de_gemüse
de_meißel hr_alat
hr_rog de_hirsch
de_gegenwart hr_budućnost
de_hühnerstange hr_pijetao
hr_dobit de_verlust
de_handlung hr_drama
de_eindruck hr_avenija
hr_zaboraviti de_verweigern
de_dämmerung hr_bogatstvo
hr_kuk de_gelenk
hr_stolica de_bank
de_portion hr_količina
de_stoßen hr_samljeti
de_waffe hr_bodež
de_sandale hr_cipela
de_gebäck hr_hrana
hr_dupin de_säugetier
hr_sova de_tier
de_tastatur hr_ruka
de_leber hr_biolog
de_auswählen hr_izabrati
hr_mnoštvo de_quantität
hr_odgoditi de_eilen
de_zunge hr_usta
de_rose hr_biljka
de_prinz hr_kapetan
hr_deva de_tier
hr_limun de_baum
de_seehund hr_sisavac
de_bett hr_namještaj
hr_hipoteza de_idee
hr_vozilo de_motorrad
de_spielzeug hr_lutka
hr_razbojnik de_dunkelheit
hr_mungos de_tier
hr_voda de_luft
hr_kokice de_lebensmittel
de_fuß hr_inč
hr_banana de_obst
hr_sport de_volleyball
de_kern hr_atom
de_substantiv hr_riječ
hr_drvo de_wald
hr_direktor de_vorgesetzter
de_bier hr_tekućina
hr_oluja de_taifun
de_hypothese hr_ideja
de_gerät hr_pećnica
de_verschluss hr_fotoaparat
hr_flauta de_instrument
de_geologie hr_znanost
hr_slaganje de_uneinigkeit
hr_sudbina de_matrose
de_mittagessen hr_doručak
hr_oblik de_kugel
hr_slon de_tier
de_sonnenaufgang hr_zalazak
hr_tresti de_sinken
hr_limun de_zitrusgewächs
de_schwert hr_oružje
de_hoffnung hr_očaj
hr_svinjetina de_schwein
hr_glina de_backstein
de_krankheit hr_karcinom
de_halle hr_prolaz
de_sechs hr_broj
hr_branik de_auto
hr_puška de_feuerwaffe
de_bauen hr_uništiti
hr_promatrati de_ansehen
hr_pliskavica de_wal
de_reis hr_hrana
de_schicksal hr_potok
de_schwanz hr_voda
hr_granit de_stein
de_religion hr_vjerovanje
de_gen hr_kromosom
hr_provalnik de_gauner
de_lachen hr_plakati
de_silber hr_zlato
hr_poni de_pferd
hr_kriviti de_stellen
hr_tikva de_lebensmittel
de_ablehnen hr_prihvatiti
hr_tuga de_freude
hr_vjerovanje de_aberglaube
hr_neboder de_treffen
de_armband hr_ogrlica
hr_ječam de_lebensmittel
de_pärchen hr_par
hr_morž de_säugetier
de_gepäck hr_kovčeg
hr_snaga de_lehm
hr_žena de_heldin
hr_hrana de_kuchen
de_gerät hr_perilica
de_schritt hr_stubište
de_sänger hr_dokaz
de_erdbeere hr_hrana
hr_baciti de_pausieren
de_material hr_guma
hr_kestenjasta de_farbe
hr_lopov de_gauner
hr_prizma de_form
de_stufe hr_stubište
hr_radnik de_mechaniker
de_betrug hr_obmana
de_teller hr_žlica
hr_usluga de_fehler
de_grün hr_plava
de_pronomen hr_riječ
de_gasse hr_cesta
hr_namještaj de_bett
de_hüfte hr_zglob
hr_enciklopedija de_buch
hr_polica de_zähler
de_bitten hr_gucnuti
de_klinge hr_nož
hr_video de_fernsehen
hr_krilo de_haut
de_limousine hr_glavobolja
hr_aleja de_weg
de_bürgersteig hr_nogostup
hr_pivo de_alkohol
hr_nada de_verzweiflung
de_vogel hr_gusak
hr_večera de_dinosaurier
hr_mikroskop de_fernrohr
de_professor hr_profesionalac
de_gewebe hr_obrok
hr_noga de_stuhl
de_bier hr_alkohol
de_null hr_broj
de_hemd hr_mikroskop
hr_vježba de_aktivität
hr_prilog de_wort
hr_zalazak de_abend
de_matratze hr_krevet
de_fachmann hr_amater
de_epoche hr_vrijeme
hr_građanin de_verkäufer
hr_špinat de_gemüse
de_uneinigkeit hr_sukob
hr_slomiti de_erklären
de_breite hr_visina
hr_rukavica_s_palcem de_handschuh
hr_krilo de_vogel
hr_fond de_organisation
de_prinzessin hr_bogatstvo
de_möwe hr_ptica
hr_sirena de_signal
hr_pročelje de_rückseite
de_techniker hr_radnik
de_wasser hr_tekućina
hr_smokva de_lebensmittel
hr_ocat de_säure
hr_srebro de_gold
hr_dvanaest de_nummer
hr_postaviti de_schwingen
de_dschungel hr_šuma
de_albtraum hr_san
de_krabbe hr_plodovi_mora
hr_milja de_zoll
hr_svjetlost de_aura
hr_grah de_lebensmittel
hr_pridjev de_wort
de_gefühl hr_empatija
hr_vile de_mischung
de_kopfschmerzen hr_bol
de_bildbeschriftung hr_tehnika
de_stoßzahn hr_dužnost
de_deck hr_brod
de_muschel hr_hrana
hr_zelena de_gelb
de_substantiv hr_glagol
de_abweichen hr_složiti_se
de_tier hr_spremnik
de_kürbis hr_hrana
hr_pomaknuti de_entladen
de_leihen hr_gnjaviti
hr_školjka de_lebensmittel
hr_čipka de_schuh
de_graph hr_dijagram
hr_rakun de_tier
de_mutterschaf hr_ovca
de_schleppen hr_nositi
hr_braniti de_schmieren
hr_most de_kreuz
hr_zob de_lebensmittel
hr_pisac de_dichter
de_punkt hr_olovka
de_schlange hr_životinja
hr_dojam de_allee
de_verbergen hr_razviti
de_empfangshalle hr_svila
de_autorität hr_moć
hr_štakor de_tier
hr_dati de_senden
de_kette hr_bicikl
de_emotion hr_osjećaj
de_zerfallen hr_spaliti
de_pfeife hr_orgulje
de_stethoskop hr_instrument
de_jet hr_avion
hr_smokva de_datum
hr_vino de_traube
de_mikrowelle hr_uređaj
de_ritual hr_običaj
de_hinzufügen hr_oduzeti
hr_jezero de_wasser
hr_stijena de_stein
de_glas hr_šalica
hr_palac de_fuß
de_kofferraum hr_slon
de_moskito hr_mudrost
hr_reminiscencija de_erinnerung
hr_kamin de_kamin
hr_štap de_stengel
hr_jorgan de_decke
de_stirn hr_lice
de_zucht hr_bik
de_saturn hr_venera
de_gelingen hr_podbaciti
hr_maskara de_lippenstift
hr_tvar de_wasser
hr_kuhati de_einfrieren
hr_pjesnik de_person
hr_džip de_fahrzeug
hr_večera de_schublade
hr_skalpel de_kanarienvogel
de_tablette hr_lijek
hr_glavobolja de_schmerzen
hr_plamen de_vergnügen
hr_tenor de_sänger
hr_prodavač de_person
hr_sin de_tochter
hr_tamnica de_knast
hr_atlas de_buch
de_humpeln hr_hodati
de_kürbis hr_povrće
hr_gost de_person
hr_insekt de_moskito
hr_paluba de_schiff
hr_sjedenje de_stellung
de_bürger hr_prodavač
de_mittagessen hr_violina
hr_bobica de_kirsche
de_mitarbeiter hr_škola
hr_procijeniti de_reflektieren
hr_zapovjednik de_führer
hr_puž de_tier
hr_mlijeko de_flüssigkeit
de_beschuldigen hr_piti
de_biber hr_životinja
de_waffe hr_mač
hr_bogatstvo de_reichtum
de_adverb hr_riječ
de_hobby hr_interes
hr_zaposlenik de_arbeitnehmer
de_otter hr_životinja
hr_dijete de_elternteil
hr_vid de_vision
de_eiweiß hr_jaje
de_pflaume hr_voće
hr_borovnica de_beere
hr_baciti de_show
hr_užina de_mahlzeit
de_abschlussball hr_zabava
de_vergessen hr_poreći
hr_voda de_eis
hr_peta de_schenkel
de_gin hr_piće
de_hündchen hr_životinja
de_hexe hr_posao
hr_trava de_mark
hr_gmaz de_alligator
hr_osjećaj de_eifersucht
hr_misao de_glaube
hr_direktor de_dirigent
de_legislative hr_legija
de_rubin hr_smaragd
de_keks hr_hrana
hr_orhideja de_blume
de_sardine hr_hrana
de_kalb hr_životinja
hr_pokret de_bewegung
de_lunge hr_organ
de_tastatur hr_orgulje
hr_rog de_stier
de_möbel hr_stolica
de_baum hr_šuma
hr_tuba de_instrument
hr_jezgra de_zelle
hr_bendžo de_instrument
de_eule hr_ptica
hr_životinja de_reptil
hr_hamburger de_vogel
de_magd hr_posluga
de_produkt hr_luka
hr_pretpostaviti de_vermuten
hr_led de_gletscher
de_tier hr_poruka
de_freude hr_tuga
de_stuhl hr_namještaj
hr_jagoda de_lebensmittel
de_granit hr_kamen
de_traube hr_ekstremitet
hr_izlazak de_sonnenuntergang
de_zimmermann hr_radnik
hr_razgovarati de_kommunizieren
hr_sumrak de_reichtum
de_messer hr_mač
hr_dom de_palast
hr_gomila de_heuhaufen
de_auto hr_limuzina
hr_broj de_acht
de_anatomie hr_čovjek
de_hain hr_grupa
de_bestrafung hr_nagrada
hr_cilj de_meißel
de_pfanne hr_posuda
de_nehmen hr_oteti
de_behindern hr_zadržati
hr_šah de_spiel
de_anfang hr_kraj
hr_porezotina de_verletzung
hr_hladnjak de_ball
hr_osjećaj de_empathie
hr_bakalar de_fisch
de_kricket hr_sport
hr_neuspjeh de_erfolg
de_einstellen hr_ljuljati
de_zeh hr_stopalo
de_allee hr_ulica
de_straße hr_škamp
hr_gljiva de_monster
hr_zora de_sonnenuntergang
de_auslöser hr_pištolj
de_person hr_blagajnik
hr_igračka de_puppe
de_elefant hr_časnik
hr_dohvatiti de_bauen
de_kochen hr_dinstati
hr_dvoje de_paar
de_norden hr_jug
de_form hr_prizma
de_kader hr_skupina
de_trampen hr_putovati
de_affe hr_humor
hr_zaudarati de_entlassen
de_säugetier hr_slon
de_gallone hr_pinta
de_verlangen hr_odvojiti
de_erbse hr_povrće
hr_pogledati de_strecken
hr_zgrada de_wolkenkratzer
de_violine hr_violina
de_handwerk hr_pletenje
de_armut hr_disciplina
de_pfeil hr_rana
hr_periskop de_u-boot
de_muschel hr_mornar
hr_stršljen de_wespe
hr_obrazovanje de_schule
hr_žena de_ehemann
hr_krilo de_fledermaus
hr_uređaj de_rücken
de_waschmittel hr_čistač
de_kichern hr_smijati_se
de_messer hr_bodež
de_mädchen hr_dijete
de_steigen hr_sići
de_zeitung hr_medij
de_sport hr_aktivnost
hr_ljuska de_schale
de_smog hr_zagađenje
de_erreichen hr_povećati
hr_slon de_offizier
hr_mir de_krieg
de_kern hr_stanica
hr_ceremonija de_klinge
hr_materijal de_leder
hr_misliti de_vermuten
hr_geologija de_wissenschaft
hr_uho de_kopf
de_architektur hr_voda
de_freisetzen hr_zadržati
de_meeresfrüchte hr_dagnja
hr_noga de_arm
hr_miš de_ratte
hr_princeza de_prinz
de_ehefrau hr_žena
de_kohl hr_hrana
de_schnürsenkel hr_cipela
hr_spremnik de_flasche
de_fußball hr_lopta
hr_osoba de_redner
de_schmuck hr_prsten
de_garnele hr_jastog
de_steckrübe hr_biljka
hr_šepati de_gehen
hr_kositar de_aluminium
hr_svađa de_konflikt
de_zustimmung hr_neslaganje
hr_djevojčica de_kind
hr_tipkovnica de_computer
hr_vrlina de_landschaft
de_ventil hr_srce
hr_novine de_medium
de_schildkröte hr_životinja
hr_trešnja de_obst
de_mönch hr_protivnik
hr_ustati de_fallen
hr_gutati de_verkaufen
hr_političar de_senator
hr_sjever de_richtung
de_leiche hr_tijelo
de_rum hr_alkohol
hr_jaje de_milch
hr_gležanj de_gelenk
de_abendessen hr_obrok
hr_šest de_sieben
de_trommel hr_instrument
de_sicht hr_vizija
de_schinken hr_hrana
de_maus hr_glodavac
hr_jezik de_kehle
de_maus hr_štakor
de_eiche hr_bor
de_ablehnen hr_zamazati
hr_pivo de_getränk
de_orchidee hr_cvijet
hr_smrt de_geburt
hr_tkivo de_haut
hr_teletina de_fleisch
hr_neslaganje de_konflikt
hr_pjevušiti de_pfeifen
de_kabeljau hr_riba
de_schweinswal hr_kit
de_halten hr_početi
de_kirsche hr_voće
hr_čelo de_gesicht
hr_tornado de_sturm
de_angst hr_osjećaj
hr_konobarica de_bedienung
de_diamant hr_dragulj
de_taifun hr_oluja
de_flüssigkeit hr_voda
de_krapfen hr_hrana
de_muschel hr_dagnja
de_schmuck hr_naušnica
hr_pero de_vogel
de_hurrikan hr_oluja
hr_obrva de_gesicht
de_gewehr hr_pištolj
hr_staviti de_geben
hr_vozač de_geweih
hr_dječak de_kind
hr_dotaknuti de_kneifen
hr_pretvarati_se de_tunken
de_regen hr_pljusak
de_erdnuss hr_orašasti_plod
hr_želja de_attackieren
hr_grgeč de_schlafplatz
hr_bodež de_waffe
hr_manjina de_toilette
de_empathie hr_osjećaj
hr_duhovitost de_humor
hr_komora de_zelle
hr_biljka de_steckrübe
de_bauch hr_trbuh
hr_pokret de_aktivität
de_geben hr_uzeti
de_rückseite hr_pročelje
hr_promijeniti de_überzeugen
hr_emocija de_gefühl
de_blumenkohl hr_brokula
de_verbieten hr_spriječiti
de_obst hr_trešnja
de_zerstören hr_ubiti
hr_metal de_gesellschaft
de_atom hr_mitologija
hr_posljedica de_reaktion
hr_nevjesta de_hochzeit
hr_jezik de_mund
de_volleyball hr_aktivnost
de_person hr_gost
de_vanillesoße hr_zgrada
de_kommandant hr_vođa
de_medikation hr_saksofon
hr_jasle de_behandlung
hr_novčanik de_aktentasche
hr_kriviti de_trinken
hr_zalazak de_sonnenaufgang
de_bolzen hr_brava
de_waschmaschine hr_uređaj
de_kuchen hr_hrana
de_eishockey hr_rečenica
hr_kobasica de_lebensmittel
hr_kofein de_problem
hr_miš de_nagetier
de_form hr_sfera
de_herz hr_intelekt
hr_metar de_maß
de_kopfsalat hr_hrana
hr_televizija de_medium
hr_ceremonija de_abschluss
de_zoll hr_mjera
de_mensch hr_enciklopedija
de_horn hr_instrument
de_bagel hr_hrana
de_ballerina hr_plesač
de_algebra hr_matematika
de_barriere hr_zid
hr_kit de_kricket
de_buchstabe hr_simbol
de_wohnwagen hr_vozilo
hr_korak de_treppe
de_mann hr_žena
de_silber hr_metal
de_hobby hr_aktivnost
hr_dlaka de_säugetier
de_krieg hr_sukob
de_knie hr_zglob
de_zeitschrift hr_publikacija
hr_skupina de_gang
de_quadrat hr_krug
de_kopf hr_rep
hr_noga de_extremität
hr_kišobran de_eis
hr_vladar de_kaiser
hr_ukloniti de_entladen
hr_papir de_material
de_bulette hr_hrana
hr_zahod de_kommunikation
hr_mesar de_bäcker
de_medikation hr_tretman
de_denken hr_sumnjati
de_zehncentstück hr_kuna
hr_semestar de_stunde
de_erfassen hr_krckati
hr_okrug de_land
de_bein hr_ekstremitet
de_semester hr_sat
de_trauer hr_otac
hr_jug de_richtung
hr_zrakoplov de_kanone
de_waffe hr_pištolj
de_gewebe hr_most
hr_muško de_frau
de_laus hr_buba
de_gerät hr_mikrovalna
de_primat hr_životinja
hr_tulum de_veranstaltung
de_gruppe hr_osoblje
hr_napasti de_beseitigen
hr_sfera de_globus
hr_radnik de_maurer
hr_priznati de_ignorieren
hr_koljač de_killer
hr_tenis de_aktivität
hr_hrana de_wurst
hr_čelik de_klinge
de_holz hr_šuma
de_bedienung hr_pogreška
de_pferd hr_tim
hr_ručak de_abendessen
hr_zagađenje de_boot
hr_riba de_ventil
hr_vjera de_religion
de_bild hr_televizija
hr_točka de_nadel
de_verschlechtern hr_zaboraviti
hr_autor de_schöpfer
de_kartoffel hr_rajčica
hr_mama de_elternteil
de_kette hr_kanta
de_ofen hr_uređaj
de_seide hr_pamuk
de_hornisse hr_osa
hr_ruža de_pflanze
hr_radnik de_zimmermann
de_stinken hr_odbaciti
de_eifersucht hr_osjećaj
de_retten hr_slomiti
hr_zipka de_wiege
hr_sreća de_emotion
de_witz hr_humor
hr_vojska de_demokratie
hr_čovjek de_säugetier
hr_pogoršati de_vergessen
de_wiederherstellen hr_pauzirati
hr_ručak de_geige
hr_tableta de_medizin
hr_rog de_ziege
de_schublade hr_komoda
hr_obrazovanje de_reich
de_zitrone hr_agrum
hr_svila de_stoff
hr_usta de_universum
hr_raspravljati de_rationalisieren
de_wiege hr_jasle
hr_celer de_lebensmittel
de_königin hr_tuš
de_finger hr_palac
de_säge hr_alat
de_regenschirm hr_led
hr_sjediti de_faulenzen
de_machen hr_izgraditi
hr_rubin de_kristall
de_blicken hr_buljiti
de_asien hr_afrika
hr_astronomija de_wissenschaft
hr_slika de_kunst
de_kassierer hr_osoba
de_pflanze hr_životinja
de_zeit hr_prostor
hr_glina de_keramik
hr_vještica de_job
de_schraubendreher hr_alat
hr_tjestenina de_lebensmittel
hr_vuk de_kreatur
de_kamerad hr_partner
de_jazz hr_glazba
de_maus hr_životinja
de_baum hr_biljka
hr_javor de_baum
hr_suprug de_ehepartner
de_flügel hr_šišmiš
de_boulevard hr_ulica
hr_uništiti de_töten
de_gouverneur hr_političar
hr_ljubav de_gefühl
de_brücke hr_križ
hr_znanost de_anatomie
de_opossum hr_životinja
de_hacke hr_cipela
de_gebäude hr_neboder
de_dreieck hr_oblik
hr_napraviti de_bauen
de_idol hr_mač
hr_osam de_nummer
hr_profesor de_mitarbeiter
hr_svjetlo de_signal
hr_štednjak de_fußboden
de_hausaufgaben hr_zadatak
de_säugetier hr_životinja
hr_kćer de_frau
hr_jagoda de_blaubeere
hr_profesor de_fakultät
de_affe hr_životinja
de_hacke hr_čizma
de_monat hr_godina
de_tier hr_janje
de_reflektieren hr_razmišljati
de_arbeitslosigkeit hr_zaposlenost
hr_zadovoljstvo de_herde
hr_proizvođač de_hersteller
hr_naranča de_obst
de_geige hr_instrument
de_tür hr_ulaz
de_hund hr_sisavac
de_zögern hr_čekati
hr_primat de_tier
de_region hr_partner
hr_cvjetača de_lebensmittel
de_himmel hr_pakao
hr_krtica de_tier
hr_leopard de_tiger
de_dom hr_ozljeda
de_halsband hr_vrat
hr_lanac de_fahrrad
hr_lanac de_eimer
hr_pamuk de_material
de_juwel hr_prsten
hr_uređaj de_kühlschrank
de_fahrzeug hr_motocikl
de_arbeiten hr_kontrolirati
de_koffein hr_čaj
de_autor hr_tvorac
hr_nećak de_nichte
hr_otac de_sohn
de_koffer hr_prtljaga
de_saxophon hr_tretman
de_überwältigen hr_uzrujati
hr_motocikl de_fahrzeug
hr_zabraniti de_untersagen
hr_ogrlica de_armband
de_neun hr_broj
hr_sat de_leben
de_bildung hr_škola
de_kneifen hr_dodirnuti
hr_razgovarati de_beraten
hr_putovati de_trampen
de_formel hr_pekar
hr_lopata de_eimer
hr_imenica de_adjektiv
de_zweig hr_grana
hr_stupac de_papier
hr_debata de_reden
hr_klub de_gruppe
hr_razlikovati_se de_zustimmen
hr_čimpanza de_gorilla
hr_baka de_großelternteil
de_film hr_sunce
de_stahl hr_oštrica
de_wespe hr_pčela
hr_torbica de_bedienung
de_schreiben hr_pjesma
hr_peršin de_salbei
de_umdrehen hr_braniti
de_vermögen hr_obilje
de_mark hr_kost
de_biologie hr_znanost
de_dichter hr_pisac
de_zement hr_kamen
hr_crvendać de_vogel
hr_koncert de_veranstaltung
hr_šlag de_lebensmittel
de_fäustling hr_rukavica
hr_katedrala de_gebäude
hr_refren de_lied
hr_skalpel de_werkzeug
de_diener hr_rob
hr_kljova de_elefant
hr_skulptura de_zeichnung
hr_staklo de_kabinett
hr_katedrala de_verletzung
hr_rak de_tier
de_wolf hr_životinja
de_buße hr_krivnja
hr_čaša de_tasse
hr_lijes de_box
de_mehl hr_tijesto
hr_radnik de_farmer
de_container hr_boca
de_maschine hr_računalo
de_sau hr_prase
hr_dijamant de_perle
hr_vođa de_könig
hr_struktura de_architektur
hr_odsutnost de_anwesenheit
de_machen hr_biti
de_nomade hr_osoba
de_vorfahr hr_otac
de_papst hr_vođa
de_adverb hr_imenica
de_crew hr_skupina
hr_bjelančevina de_fleisch
de_mathematik hr_znanost
hr_smog de_verschmutzung
de_horn hr_koza
hr_radnik de_techniker
de_veröffentlichung hr_časopis
hr_gen de_chromosom
de_konflikt hr_rat
hr_odreći_se de_besiegen
de_blockade hr_prepreka
de_tennis hr_aktivnost
hr_odvijač de_werkzeug
hr_aritmetika de_trigonometrie
de_maschine hr_začin
de_fluss hr_gospodar
hr_trokut de_form
de_delphin hr_sisavac
de_lebensmittel hr_pita
hr_piletina de_lebensmittel
de_oma hr_predak
de_neffe hr_nećakinja
de_gorilla hr_primat
de_efeu hr_biljka
hr_izvoditi de_singen
hr_talac de_gefangener
de_trigonometrie hr_algebra
de_harfe hr_instrument
hr_analizirati de_verschwenden
de_bischof hr_kralj
de_annehmen hr_nagađati
hr_širina de_höhe
de_puma hr_mačka
de_kessel hr_čajnik
hr_tava de_geschirr
hr_kralj de_führer
de_heldin hr_žena
de_helfen hr_dodati
de_sellerie hr_hrana
hr_suprug de_schlange
hr_kofein de_kaffee
de_kiefer hr_lice
de_tod hr_kraj
de_regenschirm hr_zaštita
hr_sadašnjost de_zukunft
hr_udariti de_rennen
de_pfeffer hr_sol
hr_životinja de_botschaft
de_flöte hr_instrument
hr_životinja de_lamm
hr_zgrada de_dom
de_sicherheit hr_opasnost
hr_ladica de_schreibtisch
