de_subtraktion sq_rezidencë
sq_paqe de_krieg
de_säge sq_vegël
de_kalbfleisch sq_mish
sq_gjitar de_delphin
sq_psikologji de_wissenschaft
de_kanarienvogel sq_zog
sq_kafeinë de_tee
de_person sq_alpinist
de_werkzeug sq_kaçavidë
de_summen sq_fishkëllej
de_metall sq_shoqëri
sq_lodër de_puppe
de_verbrauchssteuer sq_taksë
sq_kontroll de_experiment
sq_nëntë de_nummer
sq_shkencë de_anatomie
de_schwimmen sq_zhytem
de_matratze sq_shtim
de_psychologie sq_shkencë
sq_fat de_strom
de_skizze sq_vizatim
sq_baba de_sohn
sq_gji de_brust
de_verfassung sq_dokument
sq_e_pëparme de_rückseite
de_aufsteigen sq_largohem
de_gras sq_helm
de_experte sq_profesionist
de_gerät sq_telefon
de_nussbaum sq_pemë
sq_detyrë de_hausaufgaben
de_eishockey sq_sport
sq_mbaj de_umarmen
de_schublade sq_tavolinë
de_wal sq_gjinkalle
de_limousine sq_migrenë
sq_dëshirë de_attackieren
sq_dyqan de_geschäft
de_treiben sq_pluskoj
sq_gjyshe de_großelternteil
de_pflanze sq_kafshë
de_stellen sq_jap
sq_pagesë de_miete
sq_ndjenje de_angst
sq_punëtor de_zimmermann
sq_formulë de_bäcker
sq_publikim de_zeitschrift
sq_pumë de_katze
de_helium sq_gaz
sq_qershi de_obst
de_seehund sq_gjitar
de_steckrübe sq_bimë
sq_qepë de_knoblauch
sq_midhje de_meeresfrüchte
de_harfe sq_instrument
de_wolf sq_kafshë
sq_murg de_gegner
de_hypothese sq_pishinë
sq_barrakuda de_fisch
de_schemel sq_fillim
de_tier sq_qengj
sq_gushëkuq de_vogel
sq_lopë_deti de_säugetier
de_krautsalat sq_ushqim
sq_kthehem de_abweichen
de_aufzug sq_ndërtesë
sq_karkalec de_meeresfrüchte
de_einbrecher sq_hajdut
sq_gjeologji de_gedanke
de_vater sq_nënë
sq_birucë de_schloss
de_gorilla sq_primat
sq_polic de_recht
de_schüssel sq_bouling
sq_përziej de_wenden
de_bratpfanne sq_tigan
sq_lepur de_synagoge
de_mittagessen sq_darkë
de_nylon sq_pambuk
sq_enciklopedi de_buch
de_tier sq_rosë
sq_mbret de_herrscher
de_schwäche sq_fuqi
de_erholung sq_sport
de_symptom sq_dhimbje
de_entschuldigen sq_bind
sq_harroj de_verringern
de_seebarsch sq_peshk
de_schlangengift sq_helm
de_hinweis sq_shoqëri_studentore
de_reisen sq__bëj_autostop
sq_marangoz de_arbeitnehmer
sq_kurbë de_aberglaube
de_joker sq_letër
sq_vulë de_drachen
de_schwören sq_premtoj
sq_supë de_lebensmittel
de_material sq_gomë
sq_kamion de_fahrzeug
sq_matës de_maß
sq_ceremoni de_klinge
sq_oxhak de_schwan
de_joghurt sq_ushqim
de_fülle sq_pamjaftueshmëri
sq_automjet de_motorrad
de_rucksack sq_kuletë
de_fahrbahn sq_rrugë
de_mandarine sq_bërthamë
de_krankheit sq_shëndet
sq_kanarinë de_vogel
sq_i_burgosur de_sträfling
sq_periskop de_u-boot
de_adverb sq_fjalë
sq_leopard de_tiger
sq_refuzoj de_akzeptieren
sq_kontakt de_linse
de_tier sq_elefant
sq_morr de_insekt
de_material sq_najloni
de_wettbewerb sq_kalkulatriçe
sq_aeroplan de_kunst
de_pausieren sq_vrapoj
sq_hero de_schurke
de_moskito sq_insekt
sq_kuletë de_schüssel
sq_martesë de_nadel
sq_trombon de_instrument
de_katze sq_kafshë
de_traktor sq_automjet
sq_folës de_hölle
de_orchidee sq_lule
de_silber sq_metal
de_bürger sq_shitës
sq_fëmijë de_tochter
de_elternteil sq_paraardhës
sq_qafë de_strom
sq_pjesë de_aktie
de_stethoskop sq_instrument
sq_pulëbardhë de_vogel
de_vergessen sq_zvogëloj
de_prinzessin sq_princ
sq_bisht de_wasser
de_fledermaus sq_klub
de_boulevard sq_rrugë
de_gruppe sq_kor
de_straße sq_bulevard
de_teilen sq_përftoj
sq_krater de_vulkan
sq_majmun de_säugetier
sq_mikrovalë de_gerät
sq_mashtrim de_betrug
sq_zemër de_intellekt
de_kreatur sq_insekt
sq_fryj de_knallen
sq_lord de_dame
de_ehefrau sq_burri
de_kochen sq_ngrij
de_christ sq_kishë
de_herde sq_grup
sq_numër de_acht
de_mitarbeiter sq_shkollë
sq_flakë de_vergnügen
de_kette sq_biçikletë
sq_qofte de_lebensmittel
sq_pemë de_pflanze
sq_burrë de_ehepartner
de_wortschatz sq_fjalim
sq_hundë de_gesicht
sq_lis de_halskette
de_biologe sq_kimist
sq_faj de_versagen
sq_rrugë de_autobahn
sq_shpirt de_musik
de_starten sq_dërgoj
de_biegen sq_kthehem
sq_violinë de_instrument
sq_katror de_form
sq_alto de_tenor
sq_rrymë de_sauerstoff
sq_kostum de_kleid
sq_pendim de_trauer
de_kreide sq_bojra_dhjami
sq_arsim de_reich
sq_ndaj_rolet de_show
de_kühlschrank sq_pajisje
sq_shpërthej de_verschlechtern
sq_ujë de_flüssigkeit
de_gefühl sq_ankth
de_kader sq_ekip
sq_lëng de_substanz
de_mikroskop sq_teleskop
de_teilnahme sq_shfaqje
de_schatten sq_dritë
sq_produkt de_hafen
de_kirsche sq_fruta
de_aufgabe sq_detyrë_shtepie
de_baumwolle sq_poliestër
de_pilz sq_përbindësh
sq_bori de_auto
sq_mbaj de_steuern
de_knall sq_zhurmë
sq_vdekje de_ende
de_entlassen sq_përmbahem
de_kellnerin sq_punëtor
de_affe sq_gjitar
de_garnele sq_karavidhe
de_säugetier sq_kafshë
de_lachen sq_qaj
sq_perandor de_herrscher
sq_luan de_tiger
de_symphonie sq_muzikë
sq_vegël de_werkzeug
sq_legjislaturë de_legion
sq_rrugë de_boulevard
de_olive sq_turshi
sq_njehsim de_kopfsalat
de_gemüse sq_spinaq
de_gerät sq_shpinë
de_efeu sq_bimë
de_koffein sq_problem
de_elefant sq_leksion
de_recyceln sq_shpërdoroj
de_galosche sq_gomë
sq_kokë de_pfeil
sq_mbrëmja_e_maturës de_party
sq_bori de_instrument
de_ringen sq_sport
sq_dhëndër de_hochzeit
sq_njeri de_frau
sq_bakër de_brieftasche
sq_kontrolloj de_halten
de_verstehen sq_njohuri
de_quadrat sq_rreth
sq_helmetë de_schutz
sq_kaçavidë de_werkzeug
sq_tërhiqem de_absteigen
de_mark sq_kockë
sq_shtambë de_fänger
de_anteil sq_aksion
de_hurrikan sq_stuhi
sq_arkitekturë de_wasser
sq_idhull de_schwert
sq_shkurre de_pflanze
de_sichel sq_mjet
de_fragen sq_kujtoj
sq_lumi de_herr
de_drei sq_gjashtë
de_hören sq_pamje
sq_sallatë_me_lakër de_salat
sq_mashkull de_frau
de_fehler sq_dështim
de_blau sq_ngjyrë
de_krokodil sq_kafshë
sq_patok de_vogel
sq_oficer de_korporal
sq_punëtor de_mechaniker
de_blüte sq_kangur
sq_najlon de_baumwolle
de_trompete sq_instrument
sq_insekt de_moskito
de_verzögern sq_nxitoj
sq_kimi de_messer
sq_biolog de_chemiker
de_verrühren sq_përziej
de_knoblauch sq_qepë
de_hund sq_gjitar
sq_interval de_herd
sq_shkoj de_entlassen
sq_shkencë de_mathematik
sq_rum de_alkohol
sq_limit de_grenze
de_herz sq_intelekt
sq_pikë de_schwert
sq_papunësi de_beschäftigung
de_schraube sq_gozhdë
de_limette sq_fruta
sq_kriket de_spiel
sq_darkë de_mahlzeit
de_offizier sq_trupor
de_geige sq_instrument
de_adverb sq_emër
sq_kanarinë de_feder
de_kanarienvogel sq_pendë
de_ziege sq_kec
de_glück sq_emocion
de_maschine sq_kompjuter
de_rippe sq_kafshë
sq_kanabis de_gift
de_gras sq_palcë
de_liebe sq_ndjenjë
de_erscheinen sq_ndodh
sq_buf de_vogel
sq_ujë de_luft
sq_pije de_bier
sq_dysheme de_bürgersteig
de_substantiv sq_mbiemër
sq_bërthamë de_zelle
de_skulptur sq_art
de_pfanne sq_enë_kuzhine
sq_shartim de_stück
sq_oksigjen de_wasser
sq_banxho de_instrument
de_krieg sq_anatomi
sq_armë de_schwert
sq_ngrihem de_fallen
sq_ushqej de_verhungern
sq_baseball de_fußball
sq_marr de_haben
de_täuschung sq_mashtrim
sq_stuhi de_taifun
sq_krah de_engel
sq_luleshtrydhe de_lebensmittel
sq_gotë de_kabinett
sq_mjet de_schaufel
sq_bijë de_sohn
sq_delfin de_säugetier
sq_shkrim de_geschichte
de_schach sq_lojë
de_steuerung sq_eksperiment
sq_delfin de_sauerstoff
sq_aligator de_tier
sq_kaktus de_pflanze
de_bett sq_dhomë_gjumi
sq_kam_sukses de_scheitern
sq_dhomë de_zelle
de_buße sq_faj
sq_flas de_beraten
de_polizist sq_ligj
de_darm sq_mëlçi
sq_simbol de_brief
sq_mirëqenie de_vorteil
de_hundert sq_numër
sq_kaçavidë de_nagel
sq_qen de_tier
sq_gallon de_pint
sq_rakun de_tier
de_betrieb sq_shpirt
de_disziplin sq_dënim
de_asien sq_afrikë
sq_llambë de_tisch
de_mandel sq_kikirik
de_besiegen sq_braktis
de_könig sq_monark
de_vergessen sq_mohoj
de_halten sq_kontrolloj
de_beobachten sq_nxihem
de_amateur sq_ekspert
de_schmetterling sq_insekt
de_kupfer sq_tunxh
de_auswahl sq_zgjedhje
sq_cigare de_zigarre
de_kader sq_grup
sq_balenë de_säugetier
de_nonne sq_softball
de_ei sq_qumësht
de_verräter sq_hajdut
de_substantiv sq_folje
de_verkäufer sq_person
de_halle sq_kalim
de_juwel sq_gurë_i_çmuar
sq_vakt de_stift
de_gelübde sq_premtim
sq_këmishë de_mikroskop
de_familie sq_shtëpi
sq_qytetar de_person
de_steuerbord sq_anë_e_majtë_e_anijes
de_garnele sq_ushqim_deti
sq_kafshë de_ente
de_verzichten sq_mund
de_schinken sq_mish
de_feind sq_mik
sq_gojë de_gesicht
de_leihen sq_mërzis
sq_zinxhir de_fahrrad
sq_ruaj de_abstürzen
sq_lis de_kiefer
sq_mobilje de_bett
de_weg sq_drejtim
sq_kafeinë de_problem
sq_hokej de_satz
de_wal sq_gjitar
sq_frigorifer de_ball
sq_bri de_ziege
de_vereinen sq_martohem
de_scheitern sq_funksionoj
de_ehefrau sq_grua
de_bulette sq_ushqim
de_architektur sq_ujë
de_helm sq_mbrojtje
sq_kamë de_schuh
sq_kurë de_abhilfe
de_tier sq_mesazh
sq_kërkoj de_erinnern
de_knochen sq_nofull
sq_sinjal de_stopplicht
sq_automjet de_lkw
de_politiker sq_senator
de_volleyball sq_lojë
de_bouillon sq_supë
sq_zorrë de_bauch
de_kopf sq_trup
de_fluss sq_zotëri
de_erde sq_çështje
de_elefant sq_oficer
sq_kalë de_säugetier
de_geduld sq_padurim
de_ziel sq_sukses
sq_kohë de_raum
sq_kërkoj_falje de_überzeugen
de_schauen sq_zgjas
sq_shtrat de_schlafzimmer
sq_peshkaqen de_fisch
sq_trung de_oase
sq_presje de_interpunktion
sq_këmbëz de_gewehr
de_sprechen sq_komunikoj
de_fahrzeug sq_motoçikletë
de_enzyklopädie sq_libër
sq_urtësi de_wissen
sq_aftësi de_krieg
de_leber sq_biolog
sq_performoj de_unterhalten
sq_ndodhi de_leinen
de_verändern sq_bind
sq_lejoj de_zurückkehren
de_werfen sq_pushoj
sq_hajdut de_gauner
sq_mbiemër de_verb
de_begriff sq_kushtetutë
de_rückseite sq_përpara
sq_orë de_leben
de_oboe sq_instrument
sq_ujk de_tier
sq_mur de_zimmer
sq_rrokaqiell de_treffen
sq_disiplinë de_bestrafung
de_ball sq_lojë
de_schraubendreher sq_fantazmë
de_emotion sq_ndjenjë
de_fass sq_armë
sq_bizele de_lebensmittel
de_leopard sq_tigër
de_verschlechtern sq_harroj
sq_pedale de_fahrrad
sq_këpurdhë de_pilz
de_verkaufen sq_falenderoj
sq_këmbë de_knie
de_mutter sq_femër
sq_zbokth de_flocke
de_maurer sq_punëtor
de_mensch sq_enciklopedi
de_schauen sq_vlerësoj
de_obst sq_qershi
de_anfang sq_fund
sq_pemishte de_gruppe
de_person sq_arkëtar
sq_elefant de_offizier
sq_lakër de_lebensmittel
de_mittagessen sq_violinë
de_gerät sq_mikrovalë
sq_femër de_armband
sq_pallto de_kamin
de_kette sq_kovë
sq_sfurk de_werkzeug
de_kreis sq_linjë
sq_pushoj de_laufen
de_blaubeere sq_fruta_pylli
sq_metal de_gesellschaft
sq_biskotë de_zitrusgewächs
sq_kuptim de_unsinn
sq_hare de_trauer
de_vorderseite sq_i_pasëm
sq_lundër de_boot
sq_tokë de_dusche
de_zustimmung sq_stol
de_laus sq_insekt
sq_mëngjes de_nacht
sq_autostradë de_straße
sq_baba de_geige
de_entdecker sq_lundërtar
sq_mandarinë de_obst
de_brust sq_gjel_deti_
sq_furrë de_gerät
de_hain sq_grup
sq_jetë de_existenz
de_erröten sq_sqaroj
sq_kockë de_kiefer
de_kehle sq_qafë
de_volleyball sq_sport
de_bauen sq_shkatërroj
sq_kokërr de_kirsche
sq_llogaritje de_trigonometrie
sq_varëse de_armband
de_wolkenkratzer sq_ndërtesë
sq_çadër de_eis
de_blicken sq_shikoj
de_ulme sq_lisi
de_wissen sq_instinkt
de_feind sq_kundërshtar
sq_bar de_kneipe
de_morgen sq_dje
de_auswählen sq_zgjedh
de_transplantat sq_copë
sq_dollap de_zimmer
de_delphin sq_oksigjen
sq_qiellgërvishtës de_gebäude
sq_zonjushë de_mädchen
sq_kënaqësi de_schmerzen
sq_hokej de_sport
sq_çantë_shpine de_geldbörse
sq_simptomë de_orchidee
sq_përfundim de_anfang
de_telefon sq_pajisje
sq_foto de_fernsehen
sq_simfoni de_musik
sq_patate de_tomate
de_instrument sq_trombë
sq_instrument de_trompete
sq_krem_karamel de_lebensmittel
sq_bukë de_lebensmittel
sq_mëlçi de_herz
sq_kuzhinë de_einheit
sq_vras de_töten
sq_shoqëri_studentore_vajzash de_organisation
sq_stol de_toilette
de_gans sq_gjel_deti_
sq_tas de_bowling
sq_shtrat de_möbel
de_horn sq_instrument
de_schlagen sq_mposht
sq_pendë de_fisch
sq_oboe de_instrument
sq_pjatë de_löffel
de_tastatur sq_kompjuter
de_kalb sq_kafshë
sq_grup de_gang
sq_hekur de_stahl
sq_vezë de_milch
de_eiweiß sq_vezë
de_gemälde sq_larës
de_umordnen sq_organizoj
sq_saksofon de_behandlung
sq_gulçoj de_zermalmen
sq_funksionoj de_steuern
de_regenbogen sq_qiell
sq_fijet_e_furçës de_bürste
sq_pjesëmarrje de_aussehen
sq_shikoj de_bewerten
sq_projekt de_element
de_verweigern sq_harroj
sq_trigonometri de_algebra
sq_majmun de_tier
sq_luftë de_konflikt
sq_skaj de_bein
sq_fjalor de_rede
de_füttern sq_vdes_urie
sq_proshutë de_lebensmittel
de_sprosse sq_shkallë
sq_kafshë de_botschaft
sq_blu de_farbe
de_freund sq_armik
sq_pengesë de_mauer
sq_basketboll de_sport
de_affe sq_kafshë
sq_fitil de_kerze
sq_zero de_nummer
de_vater sq_bir
sq_mushkonjë de_weisheit
de_gewebe sq_urë
de_sagen sq_kërkoj
sq_qesh de_schreien
sq_ndjekës de_führer
de_softball sq_sport
de_beere sq_qershi
de_schreiber sq_njehsim
de_pistole sq_armë
de_lampe sq_tavolinë
de_form sq_sferë
sq_lepur de_tier
de_woche sq_fillim
de_braun sq_e_gjelbër
sq_produkt de_summe
de_brücke sq_kryqëzim
de_bräutigam sq_dasmë
sq_vendim de_beurteilung
de_kopf sq_shigjetë
sq_kthej de_senden
de_voraussicht sq_njohuri
sq_vetull de_gesicht
de_schulter sq_trup
de_auto sq_automjet
de_pflaume sq_dardhë
de_freude sq_pikëllim
de_stoßzahn sq_detyrë
sq_lajme de_information
de_union sq_grup
de_zeitraum sq_pubertet
sq_vrasës de_killer
de_traube sq_skaj
de_regenschirm sq_akull
de_regen sq_dush
de_wohlergehen sq_përfitim
sq_drenushë de_tier
sq_përtyp de_unterbrechen
de_held sq_shejtan
de_stelle sq_shenjë
sq_xhip de_fahrzeug
sq_arrij de_erhöhen
sq_rrugë de_weg
sq_trekëndësh de_form
sq_zgavër de_ratte
sq_migrenë de_kopfschmerzen
sq_rajon de_partner
de_migräne sq_dhimbje_koke
sq_kangur de_tier
sq_baltë de_religion
de_fähigkeit sq_udhëheqje
de_flugzeug sq_top
de_sprechen sq_ulëras
sq_shah de_spiel
de_lebensmittel sq_salçiçe
de_pony sq_kalë
de_aufstieg sq_zbritje
sq_virtyt de_landschaft
sq_vend de_thron
de_möbel sq_pjerrësi
sq_ceremoni de_beerdigung
sq_punëtor de_farmer
sq_mërzis de_beeinflussen
sq_stoli de_ohrring
de_ratte sq_kafshë
de_spielzeug sq_kukull
sq_pjesëtoj de_hinzufügen
sq_ngacmoj de_ausführen
sq_stetoskop de_instrument
de_form sq_prizëm
de_schwert sq_armë
sq_shkatërroj de_schmecken
de_kranich sq_zog
de_pfeil sq_plagë
sq_motoçikletë de_fahrrad
de_penny sq_monedhë
sq_poet de_schriftsteller
sq_pajisje de_rücken
de_augenbraue sq_fytyrë
sq_ylber de_himmel
sq_përshtypje de_handlung
sq_kuvertë de_schiff
de_heuschrecke sq_bulkth
sq_përrallë de_geschichte
sq_përkulem de_wenden
de_schublade sq_sënduk
sq_rreth de_form
sq_portokall de_obst
de_nummer sq_tetë
sq_linjë de_salbe
de_golf sq_lojë
sq_përkrenare de_tasche
de_aufteilung sq_grup
de_religion sq_besim
de_pfeife sq_organ
sq_peshk de_ventil
de_schlange sq_kafshë
sq_parzmore de_dachboden
sq_mjek de_chirurg
sq_kyçi_i_dorës de_arm
sq_kamosh de_material
de_sellerie sq_marule
sq_pretendoj de_tunken
sq_biologji de_wissenschaft
de_haar sq_gjitar
sq_shtoj de_subtrahieren
sq_skicë de_zeichnung
sq_zgavër de_zahn
sq_saksofon de_instrument
de_monat sq_vit
sq_kuptoj de_bewerten
sq_toger de_mut
sq_shtrëngoj de_zittern
sq_kolonë de_linie
sq_marr de_erhalten
sq_bri de_stier
de_mädchen sq_fëmijë
sq_tingull de_glocke
de_gorilla sq_majmun
de_borste sq_furçë
de_heuhaufen sq_fitues
de_breite sq_lartësi
de_fußball sq_sport
de_erodieren sq_përkeqësohem
de_wal sq_shpellë
sq_stol de_anfang
sq_pinguin de_vogel
de_ohr sq_punonjës
sq_arrë_amerikane de_nuss
de_lachs sq_peshk
de_zinn sq_alumin
sq_mbret de_monarch
de_gitarre sq_instrument
sq_mjet de_schraubendreher
de_kiefer sq_pemë
de_punkt sq_laps
de_kreatur sq_ujk
de_reichtum sq_varfëri
de_dom sq_ndërtesë
sq_formë de_kugel
de_stickstoff sq_oksigjen
sq_shi de_dusche
sq_thyej de_erklären
de_adjektiv sq_fjalë
de_pflanze sq_rrepë
de_splitter sq_copë
sq_elefant de_säugetier
sq_gaforre de_meeresfrüchte
de_handtasche sq_tas
de_verzichten sq_tundem
sq_volejboll de_sport
sq_orkide de_pflanze
sq_pranoj de_wiederherstellen
de_mikrowelle sq_pajisje
de_schwimmen sq_vrapoj
sq_stomak de_abdomen
de_signal sq_semafor
sq_nxis de_sagen
sq_përshpejtoj de_bauen
sq_dështoj de_arbeiten
sq_pije de_limonade
de_ente sq_zog
de_erinnern sq_kërkoj
de_sagen sq_sugjeroj
de_infinitesimalrechnung sq_marule
de_abwesenheit sq_prani
sq_vëzhgoj de_bräunen
sq_armë de_waffe
sq_lëng de_wasser
de_kreuzung sq_breshkë
sq_mjellmë de_ausflug
de_umdrehen sq_mbroj
sq_drekë de_geige
de_verschmutzung sq_varkë
de_getränk sq_birrë
sq_nëpunës de_person
sq_lopatë de_eimer
de_drachen sq_zog
sq_emër de_adjektiv
sq_boronicë de_beere
sq_mobilje de_stuhl
sq_golf de_spiel
de_berechnen sq_shpërndaj
de_armee sq_demokraci
de_jeep sq_automjet
de_krippe sq_trajtim
sq_këpurdhë de_monster
de_zeh sq_shputë
de_stern sq_guaskë
sq_kalim de_heuschrecke
sq_veteriner de_veteran
de_krähe sq_zog
sq_vajze de_kind
de_damhirschkuh sq_kafshë
de_wildleder sq_material
sq_princeshë de_prinz
sq_aligator de_reptil
de_bier sq_pije
sq_këngëtar de_beweis
sq_person de_herausgeber
sq_dhi de_kind
de_wasserstoff sq_helium
de_vertrag sq_dokument
sq_nënë de_frau
sq_softboll de_fußball
sq_zambak de_pflanze
de_killer sq_vrasës
de_person sq_lexues
de_rum sq_alkool
de_steuerbord sq_tualet
sq_buding de_dessert
de_süden sq_veri
de_kette sq_kyç
de_vergnügen sq_dhimbje
sq_përgjigje de_frage
de_flüssigkeit sq_ujë
sq_gëlltis de_verkaufen
de_posaune sq_instrument
sq_partner de_ehe
de_trampen sq_thërras
sq_histori de_juwel
de_kupfer sq_portofol
de_abfahren sq_mbërrij
sq_rimë de_abendessen
de_herbst sq_stinë
de_tastatur sq_organo
sq_prek de_kneifen
sq_shikoj de_strecken
de_formel sq_furrtar
de_extremität sq_këmbë
sq_flaut de_instrument
de_treffen sq_konferencë
sq_vjeshtë de_jahreszeit
de_toilette sq_komunikim
sq_verë de_traube
sq_djalë de_kind
sq_them de_behaupten
sq_gomë de_material
sq_fuçi de_gewehr
de_sammeln sq_rrotulloj
sq_largohem de_steuern
de_arbeit sq_detyrë_shtëpie
de_randstein sq_anë
de_skalpell sq_kanarinë
sq_tornado de_sturm
sq_nyje de_ellbogen
de_zeitplan sq_listë
sq_kameriere de_arbeitnehmer
sq_mish_derri de_schwein
sq_mi de_nagetier
sq_qershi de_traube
sq_ulliri de_essiggurke
de_punkt sq_gjilpërë
sq_mbrojtje de_angriff
sq_trotuar de_seite
sq_shtëpi de_palast
de_schicksal sq_veshje
sq_tufë de_gruppe
de_halten sq_pengoj
sq_teknik de_arbeitnehmer
sq_tenor de_sänger
de_methodist sq_pagëzues
de_dämmerung sq_pasuri
sq_pambuk de_polyester
de_schwingen sq_vendos
sq_tund de_sinken
de_schlange sq_dobësi
de_geweih sq_dre
sq_përdhunim de_kriminalität
sq_mjekër de_ziege
de_schulter sq_bërryl
de_substanz sq_ujë
sq_bakër de_messing
de_komma sq_shenja_pikësimi
sq_daulle de_instrument
sq_tub de_orgel
de_handschuh sq_dorashka_pa_gishta
de_arbeitnehmer sq_mekanik
sq_kimi de_wissenschaft
de_verweigern sq_përmbahem
de_schütteln sq_fundos
de_utensil sq_mjet
de_smoking sq_fustan
de_nichte sq_bir
sq_bir de_kind
sq_hedh de_verschütten
de_uneinigkeit sq_konflikt
sq_bojë_dhjami de_marker
sq_punonjës de_arbeitgeber
sq_pistoletë de_waffe
sq_shfaqem de_geschehen
sq_afrohem de_legen
sq_piano de_instrument
de_maus sq_brejtës
sq_gjashtë de_sieben
de_acht sq_numër
de_lid sq_sy
sq_mposht de_verzichten
de_schreiben sq_histori
de_verstehen sq_pranoj
de_schloss sq_derë
de_zigarette sq_puro
sq_monedhë_ de_penny
sq_sëpatë de_werkzeug
de_zuhause sq_vendndodhje
sq_mungesë de_anwesenheit
sq_shkarkoj de_gehen
de_sohn sq_fëmijë
de_ausflug sq_udhëtim
sq_pikë de_ergebnis
de_chemie sq_thikë
de_material sq_lëkurë
de_tier sq_gjitar
de_jazz sq_muzikë
sq_largpamësi de_wissen
de_streiken sq_humbas
sq_qëlloj_ de_verpassen
de_sprengung sq_shpërthyes
sq_lejlek de_vogel
sq_zemërim de_reis
de_bart sq_dhi
sq_kovë de_fass
sq_ndajfolje de_wort
de_jupiter sq_plutoni
de_bitten sq_pi_me_gllënka
sq_bulon de_schloss
sq_kimist de_wissenschaftler
de_kofferraum sq_oazë
de_gurt sq_sytjena
de_pyramide sq_formë
de_lebensmittel sq_byrek
sq_notoj de_sinken
de_entlassen sq_shkoj
de_beschuldigen sq_pi
sq_lëkund de_einstellen
de_leiche sq_fron
de_krabbe sq_ushqim_deti
de_dieb sq_hajdut
de_sieger sq_dështak
sq_qëllim de_meißel
de_kellnerin sq_shërbyes
sq_dorashka_pa_gishta de_handschuh
sq_bejsboll de_spiel
sq_udhëtim de_reise
sq_kalim de_schildkröte
de_heilmethode sq_ilaç
sq_algjebër de_mathematik
de_verstehen sq_vlerësoj
de_gewinner sq_humbës
sq_ndryshoj de_überzeugen
sq_peni de_münze
de_mauer sq_departament
sq_rimel de_lippenstift
de_verweigern sq_shtyp
sq_metër de_einheit
de_baseball sq_futboll
sq_vajze de_junge
sq_xhaz de_musik
de_linie sq_krem
de_drücken sq_mbaj
de_pferd sq_ekip
de_armee sq_mbrojtje
sq_përplasem de_schleifen
sq_perim de_spinat
sq_xhevahir de_edelstein
sq_shkurtoj de_anpassen
de_rotkehlchen sq_zog
de_messer sq_shpatë
de_krankheit sq_kancer
sq_dhimbje_koke de_schmerzen
de_fazit sq_fillim
de_ablösen sq_bashkangjit
sq_adresoj de_sich_unterhalten
de_kartoffel sq_perim
sq_patate de_gemüse
sq_karburant de_automobil
de_bewegen sq_qëndroj
sq_fitimtar de_gewinner
de_ameise sq_insekt
sq_tetë de_nummer
de_bildung sq_perandori
sq_gjerësi de_höhe
de_buchstabe sq_simbol
sq_mit de_fiktion
de_erdbeere sq_fruta
de_teilen sq_gris
de_minderheit sq_tualet
de_forelle sq_peshk
de_schlafzimmer sq_shtëpi
sq_proshutë de_fleisch
de_gefühl sq_xhelozi
de_bar sq_pijetore
de_baum sq_bimë
sq_profesionist de_amateur
de_ente sq_kafshë
sq_qumësht de_butter
sq_flas de_kommunizieren
de_feige sq_hurmë_arabie
sq_person de_nomade
de_adjektiv sq_folje
sq_azot de_wasserstoff
sq_hije de_licht
sq_selino de_grüner_salat
sq_limuzinë de_fahrzeug
de_eindruck sq_akt
sq_sëmundje de_gesundheit
de_waschmittel sq_pastrues
sq_hir de_güte
sq_performancë de_sitz
sq_pjatë de_lebensmittel
de_zahlung sq_qira
sq_artikulacion de_finger
de_champingon sq_këpurdhë
sq_grua de_heldin
de_gewölbe sq_kulm
sq_kundërhelm de_droge
de_taschenlampe sq_agjensi
sq_armë de_gewehr
sq_qytetar de_verkäufer
sq_satani de_teufel
sq_marrëveshje de_uneinigkeit
de_fußball sq_basketboll
sq_hamburger de_lebensmittel
sq_fazë de_räuber
sq_astronomi de_wissenschaft
sq_fëmijë de_elternteil
de_handgelenk sq_krah
sq_pranoj de_ignorieren
de_axt sq_vegël
sq_bejsboll de_sport
sq_majë de_nadel
de_zerfallen sq_djeg
de_schreibmaschine sq_makineri
de_buch sq_enciklopedi
sq_fillim de_ende
sq_errësirë de_licht
sq_çekan de_werkzeug
de_antwort sq_pyetje
sq_pres de_ergreifen
de_beobachten sq_ndaloj
de_affe sq_humor
de_schmuck sq_unazë
de_spion sq_agjent
de_eingestehen sq_blej
de_kuh sq_kafshë
sq_njohuri de_instinkt
sq_trullos de_verärgern
de_kammer sq_qelizë
sq_spatul de_utensil
de_flüssigkeit sq_substancë
sq_qëllim de_leistung
de_klinge sq_kositës
de_sprechen sq_trokas
de_lippenstift sq_klasë
de_überwältigen sq_mërzis
de_haufen sq_mullar_bari
de_schwanz sq_ujë
sq_lisi de_holz
sq_bimë de_tier
de_gras sq_bimë
de_spalte sq_linjë
de_fäustling sq_doreza
de_ehe sq_gjilpërë
de_hähnchen sq_ushqim
de_herr sq_zonjë
de_säugetier sq_delfin
de_schütteln sq_dridhem
de_motorrad sq_biçikletë
de_gericht sq_ushqim
de_hinzufügen sq_shumëzoj
de_ohrring sq_stoli
sq_arrij de_bauen
sq_kthej de_unterbrechen
sq_ekstazë de_zustand
de_könig sq_udhëheqës
de_stiftung sq_organizatë
sq_buzëkuq de_klasse
sq_kor de_gruppe
de_bedienung sq_gabim
de_pedal sq_biçikletë
de_geben sq_marr
de_wein sq_hardhi
sq_instrument de_skalpell
de_sitz sq_fron
sq_rrush de_lebensmittel
de_hohlraum sq_mi
de_barriere sq_mur
sq_pajisje de_ofen
de_metzger sq_furrtar
sq_dimër de_sommer
sq_armik de_krokodil
sq_lëkurë de_wildleder
sq_lugë de_gabel
de_kiwi sq_fruta
de_diktator sq_sundimtar
de_erdbeere sq_boronicë
sq_adresoj de_stand
de_flamme sq_kënaqësi
de_auslöser sq_armë
de_frieden sq_luftë
de_mandarine sq_fruta
de_snack sq_vakt
de_spiel sq_shah
sq_konflikt de_uneinigkeit
sq_fitues de_verlierer
de_rückziehen sq_zbres
de_anislikör sq_alkool
de_horn sq_dem
de_räuber sq_errësirë
de_kamin sq_mjellmë
de_flügel sq_aeroplan
sq_mohoj de_zerquetschen
sq_takim de_konferenz
de_amateur sq_zotërim
sq_rrepkë de_karotte
sq_verandë de_haus
sq_lutem de_schlucken
sq_titull de_technik
de_lilie sq_bimë
de_verteidigen sq_mbroj
sq_jug de_norden
de_leutnant sq_guxim
sq_gjitar de_elefant
sq_zbritje de_villa
de_versammlung sq_banket
sq_qemer de_gipfel
de_norden sq_jug
de_container sq_balonë
de_keks sq_qitro
de_präsident sq_udhëheqës
sq_ulem de_liegen
de_meeresfrüchte sq_peshk
sq_rrugë de_richtung
de_möbel sq_shtrat
sq_fokë de_tier
sq_çatall de_pflicht
de_tenor sq_bas
de_krater sq_vullkan
sq_dështim de_erfolg
sq_sport de_volleyball
sq_mandarinë de_kern
sq_debat de_reden
de_schale sq_breshkë
de_hase sq_kafshë
sq_pajisje de_kühlschrank
de_alkohol sq_substancë
sq_shtoj de_multiplizieren
de_necken sq_performoj
de_schraubendreher sq_mjet
sq_shkatërroj de_töten
de_schutz sq_helmetë
sq_pendë de_flotte
de_stuhl sq_mobilje
de_schriftsteller sq_poet
sq_uragan de_sturm
de_schweinefleisch sq_derr_i_tredhur
sq_punonjës de_arbeitnehmer
sq_them de_vorschlagen
de_bekommen sq_rrit
de_punkt sq_shpatë
sq_bisturi de_werkzeug
sq_futboll de_basketball
de_kastanienbraun sq_ngjyrë
sq_trup de_leiche
sq_sport de_axt
sq_atom de_angelegenheit
de_küche sq_dhomë_gjumi
sq_muzg de_reichtum
sq_thembër de_stiefel
sq_holl de_seide
de_quotient sq_sasi
de_halsband sq_qafë
sq_lopatë de_werkzeug
de_kammer sq_përrallë
de_abweichen sq_bie_dakord
sq_kalë de_mannschaft
de_möbel sq_karrige
de_korbwiege sq_djep
de_video sq_televizion
de_frau sq_byzylyk
de_zeit sq_hapësirë
sq_mur de_abteilung
de_saxophon sq_instrument
de_nehmen sq_kam
sq_makarona de_lebensmittel
sq_përshtypje de_allee
sq_pendë de_vogel
sq_zhurmë de_lärm
sq_shpresë de_verzweiflung
de_stoßen sq_bluaj
de_woche sq_vit
de_flüssigkeit sq_tastierë
sq_pica de_lebensmittel
sq_gjel_deti de_vogel
sq_funeral de_zeremonie
de_hinzufügen sq_zbres
sq_përparoj de_nehmen
de_papst sq_udhëheqës
sq_shkronjë de_symbol
de_gegner sq_kor
sq_pinguin de_tier
de_hacke sq_çizme
sq_përçaj de_erhalten
sq_libër de_atlas
sq_liker de_gin
de_auge sq_fytyrë
sq_feja de_glaube
de_drängen sq_them
sq_aromë de_ärmel
sq_darkë de_schublade
sq_katedrale de_gebäude
sq_shërbyes de_kellnerin
de_motor sq_tren
de_ziehen sq_shtyj
sq_tërheq de_drücken
sq_emër de_verb
sq_majdanoz de_salbei
de_blume sq_bimë
sq_ekuipazh de_gruppe
sq_koncept de_verfassung
sq_analiza_matematike de_mathematik
de_wischen sq_kap
de_leiste sq_raft
sq_garë de_wettbewerb
sq_sirtar de_brust
sq_sup de_körper
de_docht sq_qiri
sq_boronicë de_obst
de_pilz sq_mirësi
de_fisch sq_levrek
de_dichtung sq_balonë
sq_zgjedh de_wählen
sq_hedh_një_shikim de_schauen
sq_gjoks de_truthahn
sq_klub de_organisation
sq_këmbë de_arm
de_nomade sq_person
de_bildbeschriftung sq_teknikë
sq_dinozaur de_tier
sq_korsi de_straße
de_junge sq_fëmijë
sq_mace de_säugetier
de_katze sq_gjitar
de_film sq_diell
de_juwel sq_unazë
de_brombeere sq_fruta
sq_tokë de_angelegenheit
sq_trombë de_instrument
de_hacke sq_kofshë
sq_top de_spiel
sq_kufomë de_thron
sq_katror de_kreis
de_zählen sq_vlerësoj
sq_mëndafsh de_material
sq_atmosferë de_mörder
sq_princeshë de_vermögen
sq_pulë de_lebensmittel
de_vergewaltigung sq_krim
de_erbse sq_ushqim
sq_këmbë de_zoll
de_schwan sq_udhëtim
sq_kokë de_schwanz
de_strauch sq_bimë
de_herd sq_kat
sq_detyre_shtepie de_aufgabe
sq_shqiponjë de_vogel
de_pinguin sq_kafshë
de_rüstung sq_papafingo
de_zwiebel sq_hudhër
de_behindern sq_mbaj
sq_ngjyrë_kafe de_grün
sq_lëviz de_entladen
sq_skulpturë de_zeichnung
sq_skuqem de_bräunen
sq_sport de_aktivität
sq_marr de_erhöhen
de_reisfeld sq_oriz
sq_luleshtrydhe de_obst
de_leder sq_kamoshi
de_winter sq_verë
sq_profesor de_fakultät
sq_ilaç de_ursache
sq_klub de_brüderlichkeit
de_krautsalat sq_sallatë
sq_kolonë de_papier
de_macht sq_gravitet
sq_luleshtrydhe de_blaubeere
sq_nënë de_vater
sq_agrume de_baum
de_bezirk sq_shtet
de_automobil sq_automjet
sq_baba de_mutter
sq_makth de_traum
sq_kompetencë de_fähigkeit
de_gelenk sq_bërryl
de_karotte sq_ushqim
de_truthahn sq_zog
de_kopfschmerzen sq_simptomë
de_versagen sq_sukses
de_maulwurf sq_kafshë
de_pasta sq_sallatë
sq_tenor de_bass
sq_rozë de_lila
sq_zinxhir de_bandage
sq_troftë de_fisch
de_oma sq_gjyshërit
de_u-boot sq_nëndetëse
de_abendessen sq_dinozaur
sq_piktor de_künstler
sq_e_gjelbër de_gelb
sq_prizëm de_form
sq_kafshë de_lamm
de_seide sq_pambuk
sq_palcë de_knochen
sq_kirurg de_arzt
de_redner sq_ferr
sq_pikëllim de_freude
de_wasserfall sq_lumë
de_unschuld sq_hardhi
de_anmut sq_mirësi
sq_prift de_rabbi
de_sicherheit sq_rrezik
sq_skenë de_bild
de_null sq_numër
sq_enë de_flasche
sq_shkop de_verein
sq_motër de_studentenverbindung
sq_sirtar de_büro
de_aussicht sq_perceptim
sq_ujë de_pfütze
de_sardine sq_ushqim
sq_flas de_adressieren
sq_frikë de_tenor
de_feuerwaffe sq_pushkë
de_busen sq_gjoks
de_bedeutung sq_marrëzi
de_feder sq_flotë
sq_person de_leser
de_störung sq_rregull
de_geldbörse sq_kamerier
de_glockenspiel sq_zile
sq_karkalec de_kricket
de_mauer sq_dhomë
sq_birrë de_getränk
sq_largoj de_unterdrücken
de_kalbfleisch sq_ushqim
de_vorlesung sq_klasë
sq_biskotë de_lebensmittel
sq_dashuri de_gefühl
sq_tokë de_bereich
sq_ujëvarë de_tennis
de_traube sq_ushqim
sq_hallë de_planet
de_mittagessen sq_mëngjes
sq_mik de_feind
sq_rrugë de_garnele
de_sport sq_aktivitet
de_chemie sq_shkencë
de_ausführen sq_flas
de_moskito sq_urtësi
de_einstellen sq_lëkund
de_machen sq_jam
de_kochen sq_djeg
sq_kyçi_i_këmbës de_gelenk
sq_proteinë de_fleisch
sq_vëlla de_schwester
de_akzeptieren sq_mohoj
de_kürbis sq_kuptim
sq_lodër de_spielzeug
sq_durim de_ungeduld
de_sand sq_plazh
sq_sy de_gesicht
sq_person de_kassierer
de_smog sq_arritje
de_krieg sq_konflikt
de_pecannuss sq_arrë
de_produkt sq_port
de_gänserich sq_biologji
sq_njëqind de_nummer
de_hase sq_sinagogë
sq_krah de_flugzeug
sq_karotë de_lebensmittel
sq_kuletë de_bedienung
sq_sfurk de_mischung
de_angst sq_tenor
de_kaiser sq_sundimtar
de_weste sq_këmishë
de_gießen sq_derdh
sq_balenë de_höhle
sq_shigjetë de_wunde
de_kopf sq_pil
sq_dënim de_belohnung
de_vorrücken sq_tërhiqem
de_passage sq_karkalec
sq_vonoj de_zeigen
de_gewebe sq_kockë
de_mann sq_grua
de_besetzung sq_shfaq
sq_këmbë de_pflanze
de_puma sq_mace
sq_pranoj de_kaufen
sq_mendim de_glaube
sq_piramidë de_form
de_infinitesimalrechnung sq_trigonometri
sq_karafil de_pflanze
de_flosse sq_peshk
sq_akciza de_mwst
de_veröffentlichung sq_revistë
de_bauch sq_abdomen
de_versprechen sq_ngjis
de_insasse sq_i_dënuar
de_mund sq_fytyrë
sq_pajisje de_mikrowelle
de_punkt sq_rezultat
de_atom sq_lëndë
de_kabeljau sq_peshk
sq_grumbull de_heuhaufen
de_gegenmittel sq_drogë
sq_katedrale de_verletzung
de_gerät sq_furrë
de_maskara sq_buzëkuq
de_kupfer sq_bronz
de_bedeutung sq_liri
de_fuß sq_bimë
de_kind sq_bijë
de_kreis sq_formë
de_schicksal sq_rrymë
sq_ind de_mahlzeit
de_führung sq_avokat
sq_buzë de_mund
de_atlas sq_libër
sq_deklarata de_these
de_fuß sq_inç
sq_makinë de_zug
sq_tipar de_gesicht
de_adresse sq_qëndroj
sq_qengj de_tier
de_flügel sq_engjëll
de_konflikt sq_mosmarrëveshje
de_unfähigkeit sq_aftësi
de_arbeiten sq_kontrolloj
de_straße sq_karkalec
de_manschette sq_mëngë
sq_tragjedi de_komödie
sq_krah de_fledermaus
de_dusche sq_shi
de_limonade sq_pije
sq_president de_führer
de_wandschrank sq_dhomë
sq_diamant de_juwel
sq_mundje de_sport
de_straße sq_autostradë
sq_pasuri de_armut
de_lernen sq_gjykoj
sq_lëvizje de_bewegung
sq_përzgjedhje de_wahl
sq_mendoj de_vermuten
de_pfeffer sq_kripë
sq_shpatull de_ellbogen
de_behalten sq_jap
de_gas sq_automjet
de_daumen sq_gisht
de_reptil sq_kafshë
sq_peshk de_seebarsch
de_tastatur sq_krah
de_abwesenheit sq_mjekësi
de_knöchel sq_nyje
sq_vëzhgoj de_beenden
de_aroma sq_mëngë
sq_xhevahir de_ring
de_chirurg sq_mjek
de_gerste sq_erëz
de_instrument sq_bisturi
de_makkaroni sq_ushqim
sq_shpërthim de_explosion
de_gegenwart sq_e_ardhme
sq_matematikë de_wissenschaft
de_abendessen sq_sirtar
de_erklärung sq_tezë
de_hai sq_peshk
sq_urë de_kreuz
de_spülen sq_shpëlaj
de_kopfschmerzen sq_dhimbje
de_pfirsich sq_frut
de_kern sq_qelizë
sq_thyej de_zermalmen
sq_katër de_zwei
sq_kuptim de_freiheit
sq_spinaq de_gemüse
de_verlies sq_kështjellë
sq_mjekim de_saxophon
de_pudding sq_ëmbëlsirë
de_subtraktion sq_mbledhje
sq_perëndim de_sonnenaufgang
de_techniker sq_punëtor
sq_futboll de_sport
de_braut sq_mbledhje
sq_huazoj de_stören
de_tornado sq_stuhi
de_helm sq_xhep
sq_metodist de_baptist
sq_rërë de_strand
de_glas sq_kabinet
de_tierarzt sq_veteran
de_gebäude sq_katedrale
sq_shkarkoj de_ausspülen
de_vortäuschen sq_njom
de_schnecke sq_guxim
sq_byzylyk de_halskette
sq_ndaj de_reißen
de_schnürsenkel sq_këpucë
sq_jupiteri de_pluto
de_arbeitnehmer sq_marangoz
sq_lëkurë de_haar
sq_dymbëdhjetë de_nummer
de_horn sq_dhi
sq_mushkëri de_organ
sq_njeri de_enzyklopädie
de_gewölbe sq_dhomë
de_skalpell sq_mjet
sq_arrë de_baum
de_abendessen sq_vakt
sq_komandant de_führer
de_bolzen sq_kyç
sq_anatomi de_mensch
sq_mohoj de_unterdrücken
de_messer sq_kamë
sq_zotim de_versprechen
de_krebs sq_sëmundje
de_schatz sq_zotërim
de_rücken sq_sup
de_gebäck sq_ushqim
sq_grabitës de_dunkelheit
de_mönch sq_kundërshtar
sq_person de_gast
de_gruppe sq_bandë
de_eidechse sq_krijesë
sq_larës de_reiniger
de_tier sq_enë
de_merkmal sq_fytyrë
sq_anë_e_djathtë_e_anijes de_hafen
sq_tenor de_verlierer
sq_çekiç de_werkzeug
sq_lejoj de_anfügen
de_beil sq_mjet
de_schwimmer sq_vrapues
sq_stafi de_schule
sq_hardhucë de_kreatur
de_neun sq_numër
de_sonnenuntergang sq_agim
sq_karkalec de_hummer
sq_nisem de_senden
sq_gjalpë de_sahne
sq_kancer de_krankheit
sq_liroj de_halten
de_frau sq_heroinë
sq_volejboll de_spiel
sq_përkeqësohet de_vergessen
de_halten sq_filloj
de_stinken sq_shkarkoj
sq_pjeshkë de_obst
sq_djathë de_butter
sq_acid de_schale
de_rettich sq_karotë
sq_keqardhje de_buße
sq_lakër de_gemüse
de_warten sq_kap
sq_kënaqësi de_herde
de_astronomie sq_shkencë
sq_ziej de_einfrieren
de_person sq_botues
de_gast sq_person
de_mann sq_femër
de_kohl sq_perime
sq_panje de_baum
sq_sirtar de_schreibtisch
sq_gorillë de_primat
sq_djall de_gott
sq_patë de_truthahn
sq_rreth de_linie
de_wenden sq_ndryshoj
de_känguru sq_kafshë
sq_kaçavidë de_geist
de_tenor sq_këngëtar
de_fahrzeug sq_kamion
de_mahlzeit sq_stilolaps
sq_vezë de_architektur
sq_smog de_verschmutzung
sq_kasafortë de_kammer
sq_udhëheqje de_schicht
de_eiweiß sq_qumësht
de_gehalt sq_pagë
sq_ngjitem de_verlassen
de_prinzessin sq_pasuri
de_steuern sq_mbaj
sq_brinjë de_tier
de_bruder sq_motër
de_ehefrau sq_unazë
de_reizen sq_shpenzoj
de_zimmermann sq_punëtor
de_kirsche sq_hardhi
sq_betohem de_versprechen
de_abschleppen sq_them
sq_gabim de_herrscher
de_unterbrechen sq_shpjegoj
sq_rrush de_extremität
de_taube sq_zog
de_gallone sq_pintë
de_instinkt sq_dije
de_mythos sq_trillim
sq_simptomë de_schmerzen
sq_granit de_stein
de_lippe sq_gojë
sq_merluc de_fisch
de_morgen sq_natë
de_diener sq_rob
sq_grup de_legion
de_lamm sq_kafshë
de_kontakt sq_lente
sq_prind de_vorfahr
de_zitrusgewächs sq_pemë
sq_taifun de_sturm
sq_parajsë de_hölle
sq_tigan de_pfanne
sq_shpërbëj de_brennen
de_otter sq_kafshë
sq_deve de_tier
sq_ndajfolje de_substantiv
sq_efekt de_reaktion
sq_këshilloj de_lehren
de_braut sq_dasmë
sq_lule de_delikt
de_symptom sq_orkide
sq_bakër de_bronze
de_fehler sq_sundimtar
de_feder sq_zog
sq_pranoj de_verweigern
sq_shkatërroj de_necken
de_gelingen sq_dështoj
de_verschluss sq_aparat_fotografik
sq_bar de_mark
sq_monedhë de_nickel
sq_ushtri de_demokratie
sq_vathë de_schmuck
de_kunst sq_skulpturë
de_ehemann sq_gjarpër
sq_motor de_zug
sq_hamburger de_vogel
sq_mëndafsh de_baumwolle
sq_pambuk de_material
sq_mëlçi de_biologe
sq_mi de_tier
sq_mushkonjë de_insekt
sq_ceremoni de_abschluss
de_tor sq_daltë
de_halskette sq_byzylyk
de_felge sq_timon
sq_them de_empfehlen
de_gerät sq_pjatalarëse
de_koffein sq_çaj
de_gehen sq_shkarkoj
de_pfad sq_leopard
sq_buzë de_zunge
sq_magjistare de_job
sq_tortë de_lebensmittel
sq_analizoj de_verschwenden
sq_ujëvarë de_fluss
sq_mish_viçi de_lebensmittel
sq_fryj de_streiken
de_waschbär sq_kafshë
de_keks sq_ushqim
sq_ujk de_kreatur
de_geologie sq_mendim
de_kamera sq_anatomi
de_spitze sq_këpucë
sq_qark de_land
sq_fuqi de_lehm
sq_gjeometri de_mathematik
de_star sq_simbol
sq_ngjit de_absteigen
de_geschirrspüler sq_pajisje
de_gewebe sq_vakt
sq_mbledhje de_gruppe
sq_ujë de_eis
sq_veri de_süden
sq_notoj de_laufen
sq_mobilje de_ruhesessel
de_milch sq_lëng
sq_piper de_salz
de_halten sq_përqafoj
de_grün sq_e_verdhë
de_wissenschaft sq_gjeologji
sq_heq_dorë de_besiegen
sq_mosmarrëveshje de_konflikt
de_grün sq_blu
sq_banjë de_alligator
de_seehund sq_kafshë
sq_aftësi de_führung
sq_limon de_obst
de_orange sq_fruta
de_ofen sq_sobë
sq_nomad de_person
sq_mekanik de_arbeitnehmer
de_quadrat sq_formë
de_mörder sq_vrasës
de_beschuldigen sq_vë
sq_kaçavidë de_hammer
sq_mbretëreshë de_dusche
sq_aeroplan de_kanone
sq_rrugicë de_weg
sq_vonohem de_eilen
sq_mëlçi de_organ
de_fisch sq_valvul
sq_amator de_experte
de_tod sq_fund
de_sechs sq_numër
sq_levrek de_fisch
de_adler sq_zog
sq_varfëri de_disziplin
de_erfassen sq_përtyp
sq_ndaloj de_starten
de_erröten sq_nxihem
sq_luftë de_anatomie
de_alligator sq_zvarranik
sq_krah de_haut
de_zeigen sq_bashkoj
sq_mbret de_führer
de_veranda sq_shtëpi
sq_kulm de_höhepunkt
de_knöchel sq_gisht
sq_material de_nylon
de_reiben sq_fshij
de_spur sq_trotuar
de_insekt sq_mushkonjë
de_violine sq_violinë
de_verzögern sq_shfaq
sq_diktator de_herrscher
de_leder sq_material
sq_fajkua de_adler
sq_brumëra de_lebensmittel
sq_ngjyrë_gështenjë de_farbe
sq_kufomë de_körper
de_integrität sq_punëtor
sq_sallë de_passage
sq_premtoj de_steigen
de_taifun sq_stuhi
sq_rosë de_vogel
de_verein sq_vëllazëri
de_sprengen sq_godas
de_alt sq_tenor
sq_elb de_kraut
de_königin sq_dush
sq_hajdut de_krankheit
sq_makineri de_computer
sq_rrugë de_leopard
de_analysieren sq_shpërdoroj
de_trance sq_gjendje
de_bestrafung sq_shperblim
sq_kushtetutë de_dokument
de_reue sq_pendim
sq_makinë de_fahrzeug
sq_rrokullis de_springen
sq_letër de_material
de_baumwolle sq_material
de_zoll sq_matje
sq_jakë de_hals
de_baseball sq_sport
de_schreiben sq_bisedoj
sq_bri_dreri de_hirsch
sq_fajësoj de_stellen
de_drängen sq_sugjeroj
de_spielball sq_lodër
de_magd sq_vajzë
sq_aparat_fotografik de_anatomie
de_unterhalten sq_këshilloj
sq_makarona de_salat
sq_raketboll de_sport
de_geschichte sq_xhevahir
de_koffer sq_bagazh
sq_motoçikletë de_fahrzeug
de_lehnen sq_shrtij
sq_anë_e_djathtë_e_anijes de_toilette
de_hüfte sq_trup
de_delphin sq_gjitar
sq_kredi de_brombeere
de_polizei sq_autoritet
sq_jashtë de_innenseite
de_infinitesimalrechnung sq_matematikë
sq_të_brendshme_femrash de_unterwäsche
de_begehren sq_sulm
de_leiche sq_trup
de_zehncentstück sq_nikel
de_hammer sq_kancer
sq_mund de_besiegen
de_armband sq_varëse
de_hausaufgaben sq_detyrë
sq_alkool de_substanz
de_finger sq_dorezë
de_strumpf sq_geta
de_gewinnen sq_nxitoj
sq_skuadër de_gruppe
sq_pjeshkë de_birne
de_wolf sq_krijesë
de_teller sq_lugë
sq_ndjenje de_ekstase
sq_bëj_autostop de_anrufen
de_bild sq_televizion
sq_pajisje de_telefon
de_trauer sq_baba
de_zunge sq_fyt
de_kohl sq_ushqim
sq_kafshë de_säugetier
de_walross sq_gjitar
de_idol sq_shpatë
sq_zonjë de_schloss
de_muschel sq_ushqim_deti
de_nehmen sq_mbaj
sq_shërbyese de_diener
sq_jap de_senden
de_schicksal sq_marinar
sq_valixhe de_gepäck
de_kobra sq_gjarpër
de_zuhause sq_pallat
sq_flas de_klopfen
de_schublade sq_tryezë_shkrimi
sq_material de_leder
de_berühren sq_pickoj
de_schuld sq_pafajësi
sq_mbesë de_sohn
sq_zog de_gänserich
de_maß sq_gallon
de_prisma sq_formë
sq_gjevrek de_lebensmittel
sq_nuse de_versammlung
sq_qime de_säugetier
de_töten sq_mbys
sq_yll de_symbol
de_brechen sq_përtyp
sq_lule de_pflanze
sq_lumturi de_emotion
de_diebstahl sq_shtim
sq_kafshë de_container
sq_sardele de_lebensmittel
sq_çel de_känguru
sq_kompani de_organisation
sq_buzë de_rad
de_semester sq_orë
de_maus sq_kafshë
de_falke sq_shqiponjë
de_bürger sq_person
de_zeremonie sq_teh
sq_gatuaj de_brennen
de_niere sq_organ
de_zehennagel sq_gishti_këmbës
sq_urith de_tier
de_zeremonie sq_diplomim
de_ehefrau sq_art
sq_dyshek de_zusatz
de_geben sq_dërgoj
sq_javë de_anfang
sq_fajësi de_unschuld
sq_kulm de_geschichte
de_crew sq_grup
de_schinken sq_ushqim
sq_kriket de_sport
de_zerstören sq_vras
de_zucht sq_dem
sq_kontratë de_dokument
de_eingestehen sq_mohoj
sq_fik de_datum
de_wasser sq_pellg
sq_udhëtoj de_trampen
de_organ sq_veshkë
de_ersticken sq_vras
de_teilen sq_shtoj
de_knochen sq_ind
de_bein sq_kofshë
de_meeresfrüchte sq_midhje
sq_krijesë de_insekt
de_gemälde sq_art
sq_libër de_enzyklopädie
de_eiche sq_varëse
de_schreiben sq_poemë
sq_limuzinë de_auto
sq_flas_nën_zë de_pfeifen
de_magd sq_shërbyes
sq_periudhë de_pubertät
de_mantel sq_fireplace
de_gasse sq_rrugë
de_zeitung sq_oficer
de_beschleunigen sq_ndërtoj
sq_burrë_i_fuqishëm de_stier
sq_lopë de_tier
sq_valvul de_herz
sq_lavdërim de_genehmigung
sq_orkide de_blume
sq_kuptim de_wissen
de_denken sq_dyshoj
de_person sq_mysafir
de_panther sq_mace
sq_gisht de_handschuh
sq_siguri de_achtung
de_kredit sq_manaferrë
sq_divan de_stuhl
sq_gjeologji de_wissenschaft
de_katze sq_shfaqje
sq_jelek de_hemd
sq_shkruaj de_reden
sq_kafe de_milch
de_werkzeug sq_lopatë
sq_zbres de_erstellen
sq_pakicë de_toilette
de_kompetenz sq_aftësi
sq_gjitar de_tier
de_dunkelheit sq_dritë
sq_pije_me_gaz de_getränk
de_mutter sq_baba
de_eiweiß sq_mish
sq_hidrogjen de_helium
de_chor sq_grup
sq_ndarje de_gruppe
sq_ndihmoj de_hinzufügen
sq_gojë de_universum
sq_pëlhurë de_baumwolle
sq_poet de_person
sq_kitarë de_instrument
sq_formë de_dreieck
de_alkohol sq_xhin
sq_smog de_leistung
sq_bimë de_steckrübe
sq_javë de_jahr
sq_fitim de_verlust
de_gewebe sq_organ
sq_ushqim_deti de_muschel
de_adressieren sq_diskutoj
de_gummi sq_material
sq_kockë de_gewebe
de_anatomie sq_njeri
sq_fyt de_hals
sq_lidhëse de_schuh
de_buntstift sq_shënues
de_kofferraum sq_elefant
de_trimmen sq_përshtat
de_bergmann sq_punëtor
sq_nuse de_hochzeit
de_schaufel sq_kovë
de_stoßzahn sq_elefant
sq_mëndafsh de_stoff
sq_ngjitje de_abstieg
de_beschränkung sq_rregull
de_darm sq_stomak
de_fortbewegung sq_lëvizje
de_zahn sq_sharrë
sq_kokë de_körper
de_projekt sq_element
sq_pajisje de_waschmaschine
sq_lulelakër de_brokkoli
de_rosa sq_vjollcë
de_papier sq_material
sq_vidhi de_eiche
sq_çorape de_strumpfhose
de_nylon sq_material
sq_galloshe de_gummi
de_elefant sq_kafshë
sq_pikturë de_waschmaschine
de_hexe sq_punë
de_leistung sq_vend
de_pfirsich sq_dardhë
sq_mace de_tier
de_zerstören sq_shijoj
sq_bollëk de_knappheit
sq_qepen de_kamera
de_vorrücken sq_marr
de_sauerstoff sq_ujë
sq_lëng de_milch
sq_lule de_orchidee
sq_shkop de_stengel
sq_gjarpër de_schwäche
de_könig sq_sundimtar
de_lippe sq_gjuhë
sq_urrej de_reflektieren
de_lingerie sq_të_brendshme
sq_vendos de_geben
sq_mangustë de_tier
sq_fat de_matrose
sq_politikan de_senator
sq_shkrimtar de_dichter
sq_bulevard de_straße
de_barrakuda sq_peshk
de_ei sq_arkitekturë
sq_teh de_mäher
de_zwölf sq_numër
sq_grua de_ehemann
de_bein sq_karrige
sq_balonë de_vogel
sq_thikë de_dolch
sq_gjuhë de_mund
de_nonne sq_murg
de_käfer sq_insekt
de_toaster sq_pajisje
sq_ushqim de_gerste
de_erreichen sq_rrit
de_schaufel sq_mjet
de_waffe sq_kamë
sq_mikroskop de_fernrohr
sq_thembër de_schenkel
de_eiche sq_pishë
de_kommen sq_largohu
de_arbeitslosigkeit sq_punësim
sq_eja de_verlassen
de_gehirn sq_lëvizje
sq_fokë de_säugetier
de_hals sq_rrymë
sq_fërkoj de_wischen
de_abschlussball sq_festë
sq_hipotezë de_schwimmbad
de_klavier sq_instrument
de_eule sq_zog
de_land sq_pronë
sq_shërbim de_fehler
de_leber sq_organ
sq_ushqim_deti de_fisch
sq_patok de_biologie
de_ereignis sq_lino
de_reim sq_darkë
sq_zorrë de_leber
sq_mohoj de_vergessen
de_stickstoff sq_hidrogjen
sq_dush de_regen
de_basketball sq_sport
sq_dhomë de_märchen
sq_bashkoj de_teilen
sq_pikëllim de_vater
sq_rini de_gruppe
de_himmel sq_ferr
sq_harpë de_instrument
de_erodieren sq_ngacmoj
sq_miell de_hochzeit
de_trigonometrie sq_algjebër
sq_shes de_bestätigen
sq_nuk_pajtohem de_zustimmen
sq_herës de_menge
sq_rrymë de_linie
de_tochter sq_femër
de_lkw sq_automjet
de_mund sq_univers
de_brot sq_futboll
de_gänserich sq_zog
de_mitarbeiter sq_punëdhënës
de_seele sq_muzikë
de_hohlraum sq_dhëmb
de_eishockey sq_fjali
sq_lëkurë de_material
de_ermöglichen sq_kthej
sq_mëngjes de_intelligenz
de_granit sq_guri
sq_përziej de_mischen
sq_papë de_führer
sq_bagazh de_auto
sq_perime de_tomate
de_lunge sq_organ
sq_snack de_mahlzeit
de_rühren sq_kthej
de_erdbeere sq_ushqim
de_helfen sq_shtoj
sq_skuadër de_mannschaft
sq_banjë de_kommunikation
de_gemüse sq_domate
de_werfen sq_mërzis
de_stören sq_ndikoj
de_gipfel sq_majë
de_mädchen sq_person
sq_nisem de_ankommen
de_beraten sq_mësoj
de_außenseite sq_brenda
sq_art de_skulptur
sq_zinxhir de_schloss
sq_kikirik de_kaschunuss
sq_mbroj de_schützen
sq_bëj de_sein
de_flügel sq_lëkurë
sq_dhelpër de_tier
de_kürbis sq_perim
de_vereinen sq_përçaj
sq_mama de_elternteil
de_tochter sq_bir
sq_shkëput de_anfügen
sq_gazetë de_offizier
de_region sq_partner
sq_hedh de_nerven
sq_salçiçe de_lebensmittel
de_dunkelheit sq_fanellatë
de_waffe sq_shpatë
sq_rrugë de_allee
de_ebene sq_zeje
sq_biftek de_lebensmittel
de_szene sq_fotografi
sq_burri de_schlange
sq_kivi de_obst
sq_kërmill de_mut
de_person sq_nomad
de_prinz sq_kapiten
de_tugend sq_peizazh
de_treiber sq_bri
sq_bisturi de_kanarienvogel
de_schritt sq_shkallë
sq_mbaj de_hemmen
de_mischung sq_shumëllojshmëri
de_beschleunigen sq_pranoj
sq_llogaris de_liefern
de_tragödie sq_komedi
de_getränk sq_pije_e_gazuar
sq_najloni de_material
de_buße sq_pikëllim
sq_katër de_nummer
de_schwester sq_shoqëri__vajzash
sq_qen de_säugetier
sq_kumbull de_birne
de_hassen sq_reflektoj
de_bestätigen sq_injoroj
sq_bajame de_erdnuss
sq_shofer de_geweih
sq_pengoj de_halten
sq_shpinë de_schulter
sq_balenë de_kricket
de_dichter sq_person
de_tante sq_planet
sq_pikë de_bleistift
sq_tostier de_gerät
sq_vërej de_erschlagen
de_hoffnung sq_dëshpërim
de_wasser sq_ajër
sq_shërbyes de_sklave
sq_ushqim de_wurst
de_substantiv sq_fjalë
de_kartoffel sq_domate
sq_bashkoj de_heiraten
sq_ind de_knochen
de_pinguin sq_zog
de_produkt sq_shumë
de_stoff sq_pambuk
sq_pishe de_baum
de_säugetier sq_qen
sq_zbres de_multiplizieren
sq_lëviz de_bleiben
de_spatel sq_vegël
de_kurve sq_supersticion
de_racquetball sq_sport
sq_violinë de_geige
sq_fasule de_lebensmittel
sq_punëtor de_kellnerin
de_sänger sq_dëshmi
sq_midhje de_lebensmittel
sq_hap de_treppe
sq_bijë de_frau
sq_çrregullim de_auftrag
de_märchen sq_histori
sq_nesër de_gestern
de_blumenkohl sq_brokoli
sq_këmbë_shkalle de_leiter
de_arbeitnehmer sq_fermer
sq_bashkëshorte de_frau
de_boden sq_dush
de_vanillesoße sq_ushqim
de_mama sq_prind
de_kühlschrank sq_top
de_wirbelwind sq_stuhi
sq_turshi de_lebensmittel
de_bischof sq_mbret
sq_mashtrim de_täuschung
sq_krem_karamel de_gebäude
sq_semestër de_stunde
de_pflaster sq_trotuar
de_küche sq_njësi
de_sieger sq_fitues
sq_milingonë de_insekt
de_vier sq_dy
sq_murgeshë de_mönch
de_sturm sq_tajfun
sq_petull de_lebensmittel
sq_yll de_schale
de_bein sq_gju
de_limousine sq_automjet
de_kaktus sq_bimë
de_beerdigung sq_ceremoni
sq_panterë de_katze
sq_shkumës de_buntstift
de_jugend sq_grup
sq_vidër de_tier
de_heugabel sq_përzierje
de_dinosaurier sq_kafshë
sq_zinxhir de_eimer
sq_paaftësi de_fähigkeit
de_anmerken sq_vras
de_saft sq_qumësht
sq_qëllim de_erfolg
sq_atom de_mythologie
de_höhepunkt sq_histori
de_wissenschaft sq_anatomi
sq_i_krishterë de_kirche
de_mathematik sq_shkencë
de_weisheit sq_njohuri
de_reißverschluss sq_pantallona
de_empfangen sq_marr
sq_matës de_bürgersteig
sq_emër de_wort
de_banjo sq_instrument
sq_buburrec de_insekt
de_werfer sq_kapës
de_banane sq_fruta
de_anhänger sq_udhëheqës
sq_fitimtar de_verlierer
sq_peshkop de_könig
sq_mbrojtje de_helm
de_fachmann sq_amator
de_wurst sq_ushqim
sq_vjen_erë_e_keqe de_entlassen
de_unternehmen sq_organizatë
sq_kusht de_zustand
sq_rrip de_bh
de_atmosphäre sq_vrases
sq_parvaz de_regal
de_zehncentstück sq_peni
sq_organ de_niere
de_flöte sq_instrument
de_operation sq_pushime
sq_skuqem de_klären
sq_shkencë de_geologie
sq_pranga de_ärmel
sq_rubin de_juwel
de_eindruck sq_rrugë
de_abhilfe sq_shkak
sq_thesar de_besitz
sq_ekspert de_fachmann
sq_shtrydh de_halten
sq_kundërshtar de_chor
de_krapfen sq_ushqim
de_wasser sq_akull
sq_dhomë_gjumi de_zuhause
de_spinat sq_perime
sq_përfitoj de_platzen
de_bein sq_krah
sq_kuptoj de_akzeptieren
de_dichter sq_shkrimtar
de_chemiker sq_shkencëtar
sq_shënim de_studentenverbindung
de_meter sq_njësi
sq_tre de_sechs
de_wasserfall sq_tenis
sq_kokë de_fuß
sq_uzo de_alkohol
sq_guaskë de_schildkröte
sq_familje de_zuhause
de_gerät sq_frigorifer
sq_i_ulur de_stellung
sq_sorrë de_vogel
de_kopf sq_gjilpërë
sq_dhëmb de_säge
de_albtraum sq_ëndërr
de_scharnier sq_portë
de_straße sq_rrugë
de_säugetier sq_elefant
sq_rrugicë de_straße
sq_makineri de_gewürz
sq_kanabis de_pflanze
de_plätzchen sq_ushqim
sq_drekë de_frühstück
de_mehl sq_dasmë
sq_gjarpër de_tier
de_dom sq_plagosje
de_bewegen sq_shkarkoj
de_feind sq_krokodil
sq_bashkëshorte de_kunst
sq_heq_dorë_ de_schütteln
sq_byrek de_lebensmittel
sq_vdekje de_geburt
de_schreiber sq_person
sq_gjitar de_hund
sq_rosë de_tier
sq_thikë de_schwert
sq_leksion de_klasse
sq_pajisje de_geschirrspüler
sq_oktapod de_kreatur
sq_traktor de_fahrzeug
de_smog sq_ndotje
sq_mësoj de_beurteilen
sq_kalë_i_vogël de_pferd
de_verein sq_organizatë
de_debattieren sq_diskutim
de_auto sq_tren
sq_vjedhje de_zusatz
sq_kirurgji de_urlaub
sq_tornado de_taifun
de_morgen sq_inteligjencë
sq_material de_gummi
sq_mbledhje de_fest
sq_ndërtesë de_konstruktion
sq_fshij de_fangen
sq_ind de_organ
de_strom sq_oksigjen
de_wolkenkratzer sq_takim
de_trommel sq_instrument
de_legislative sq_legjion
sq_hudhër de_zwiebel
de_umdrehen sq_kërcej
sq_mish_viçi de_fleisch
sq_rrokullisem de_verteidigen
de_professor sq_fakultet
de_steak sq_ushqim
sq_murgeshë de_softball
sq_amator de_himmel
de_ahorn sq_pemë
de_hamburger sq_zog
de_schmuck sq_vathë
de_wissenschaft sq_matematikë
de_form sq_trekëndësh
de_symbol sq_letër
de_vertreiben sq_lëviz
de_freisetzen sq_mbaj
de_reden sq_adresoj
sq_pirun de_mode
sq_princ de_kapitän
de_schlagen sq_vrapoj
de_flügel sq_zog
de_laden sq_dyqan
de_softball sq_futboll
sq_zbritje de_addition
de_gas sq_makinë
de_butter sq_krem
sq_azi de_afrika
sq_marrëveshje de_bank
de_milch sq_gjalpë
sq_zinxhir de_hose
sq_përzierje de_vielfalt
sq_mbys de_töten
de_algebra sq_matematikë
sq_skulpturë de_kunst
sq_prek de_greifen
