en_descend hr_stvoriti
hr_prst en_thumb
hr_zalazak en_sunrise
hr_religija en_belief
hr_gljiva en_kindness
en_beg hr_gucnuti
en_flute hr_instrument
hr_sonet en_poem
en_turkey hr_meso
en_mother hr_žena
en_bump hr_samljeti
hr_migrena en_headache
en_human hr_enciklopedija
hr_riba en_valve
hr_krivnja en_feeling
en_bench hr_sjedalo
en_aunt hr_planet
en_gain hr_prasnuti
en_elevator hr_zgrada
en_diamond hr_biser
en_staff hr_škola
en_suitcase hr_prtljaga
en_tree hr_biljka
hr_promatrati en_stop
en_minority hr_zahod
en_ewe hr_ovca
en_grass hr_bundeva
hr_prihvatiti en_deny
en_rape hr_zločin
en_horse hr_sisavac
hr_zvijezda en_shell
hr_proizvod en_harbor
en_prince hr_kapetan
en_victor hr_gubitnik
hr_ekstaza en_feeling
en_fade hr_iščeznuti
hr_autor en_creator
en_colonel hr_časnik
en_gang hr_skupina
en_flannel hr_materijal
en_medicine hr_tableta
en_desire hr_odvojiti
en_mud hr_religija
hr_prihvatiti en_crunch
en_harp hr_instrument
hr_lakat en_arm
hr_pokret en_activity
en_bourbon hr_alkohol
en_come hr_napustiti
hr_krumpir en_tomato
hr_koljeno en_joint
en_ape hr_primat
hr_kaciga en_protection
hr_pamuk en_material
en_hatchet hr_alat
en_education hr_carstvo
hr_brak en_needle
en_frog hr_životinja
en_squad hr_skupina
hr_amater en_heaven
hr_staviti en_give
en_breeze hr_vjetar
hr_neprijatelj en_crocodile
hr_amater en_expert
hr_zemlja en_matter
hr_izlazak en_sunset
hr_sumrak en_wealth
hr_puž en_animal
en_joker hr_karta
en_king hr_vođa
en_aroma hr_miris
hr_hobi en_interest
en_talk hr_komunicirati
hr_orangutan en_primate
en_beam hr_potpora
en_conflict hr_neslaganje
en_remedy hr_uzrok
en_pork hr_meso
en_music hr_zvuk
en_trauma hr_stanje
en_armor hr_tavan
hr_koncert en_performance
hr_inč en_measure
en_tissue hr_kost
en_cure hr_lijek
hr_vikati en_speak
en_hide hr_razviti
hr_vozilo en_utensil
hr_oko en_face
hr_isus en_lord
hr_oblik en_triangle
en_celery hr_povrće
en_accept hr_obnoviti
en_torch hr_svjetlo
hr_izgraditi en_make
hr_silovanje en_crime
en_monument hr_memorijal
hr_repa en_plant
en_mascara hr_ruž
en_encyclopedia hr_knjiga
en_plane hr_letjelica
hr_bjelančevina en_egg
en_basketball hr_aktivnost
hr_astronomija en_science
en_receive hr_dobiti
en_supper hr_dinosaur
en_traitor hr_lopov
en_pleasure hr_stado
hr_operacija en_spirit
en_rhyme hr_večera
hr_prst en_glove
en_allow hr_prikačiti
hr_šok en_reaction
en_save hr_slomiti
hr_tipkovnica en_arm
en_allow hr_vratiti
hr_kupus en_vegetable
hr_dušik en_element
en_cent hr_dolar
hr_tenis en_activity
en_jar hr_spremnik
en_blockade hr_prepreka
en_humiliate hr_povrijediti
en_chief hr_rukovoditelj
hr_sudbina en_sailor
en_bone hr_čeljust
hr_empatija en_feeling
hr_smijati_se en_cry
en_skyscraper hr_zgrada
en_hair hr_sisavac
en_oat hr_žitarica
hr_lijes en_box
en_anteater hr_životinja
en_peanut hr_orašasti_plod
en_note hr_sestrinstvo
en_porch hr_kuća
en_artist hr_tvorac
hr_rog en_deer
hr_aleja en_street
en_aspirin hr_lijek
hr_košarka en_activity
hr_tulum en_event
hr_video en_television
en_accelerate hr_izgraditi
hr_odabrati en_pick
en_beaver hr_životinja
en_instrument hr_tuba
hr_napustiti en_control
hr_poručnik en_courage
hr_zavjet en_pledge
en_reflect hr_razmišljati
hr_neboder en_meeting
en_corpse hr_tijelo
hr_voziti en_walk
en_heaven hr_pakao
hr_sjena en_light
hr_večera en_dinosaur
hr_rima en_dinner
hr_plin en_car
en_veal hr_hrana
hr_osam en_number
hr_progutati en_swallow
hr_vodič en_book
en_frog hr_krastača
hr_uzica en_string
hr_soul en_music
en_freckle hr_točka
en_crossing hr_kornjača
hr_doba en_time
hr_muško en_female
en_desire hr_napad
hr_zalogajnica en_restaurant
hr_banda en_group
en_swan hr_životinja
hr_vile en_mixture
en_acid hr_ljuska
en_citizen hr_prodavač
en_volleyball hr_sport
hr_krađa en_addition
hr_lijek en_tablet
en_nomad hr_osoba
en_hesitate hr_čekati
hr_film en_sun
en_beer hr_alkohol
hr_mjera en_gallon
hr_odrezak en_food
hr_mrkva en_food
en_dolphin hr_sisavac
en_hip hr_zglob
hr_peršin en_sage
en_person hr_blagajnik
hr_konobarica en_worker
hr_jaje en_milk
en_male hr_žensko
hr_lopov en_sickness
hr_svemir en_world
hr_ladica en_chest
en_prom hr_zabava
hr_zbroj en_total
en_flour hr_vjenčanje
en_winner hr_gubitnik
hr_neovisnost en_freedom
en_bunch hr_skupina
hr_prilog en_word
en_toss hr_živcirati
hr_rukomet en_sport
hr_šalica en_container
en_painting hr_umjetnost
hr_tetka en_planet
en_lamp hr_stol
hr_tlo en_shower
hr_pecivo en_food
hr_glavobolja en_symptom
hr_krilo en_airplane
hr_tikva en_meaning
hr_zapovjednik en_leader
en_spatula hr_oruđe
en_yell hr_govoriti
hr_prilog en_noun
hr_fotelja en_furniture
en_president hr_vođa
en_mom hr_roditelj
en_snatch hr_zgrabiti
en_whale hr_sisavac
hr_vid en_perception
en_shock hr_reakcija
en_container hr_boca
hr_ubrzati en_admit
en_mud hr_prljavština
en_kitchen hr_spavaonica
hr_naučiti en_judge
hr_žaba en_toad
hr_bor en_tree
hr_pogreška en_ruler
hr_sadašnjost en_future
en_tissue hr_most
en_typewriter hr_stroj
hr_odvažnost en_bravery
en_lid hr_oko
en_swallow hr_prodavati
hr_svjetlo en_signal
en_seafood hr_dagnja
en_nitrogen hr_element
en_movement hr_aktivnost
hr_kit en_cave
hr_hipoteza en_idea
hr_luk en_food
hr_zub en_saw
en_magazine hr_publikacija
hr_bubreg en_organ
en_golf hr_igra
en_flask hr_boca
en_smog hr_zagađenje
hr_pohvala en_approval
en_fraternity hr_klub
hr_klinčić en_plant
hr_neboder en_building
en_swing hr_postaviti
en_twilight hr_bogatstvo
en_gauze hr_zavoj
en_atmosphere hr_ubojica
hr_maskara en_lipstick
hr_prasak en_noise
en_limb hr_drvo
hr_mačka en_animal
hr_paluba en_ship
hr_breskva en_pear
hr_nevjesta en_wedding
en_blame hr_staviti
hr_kralj en_queen
en_utensil hr_alat
hr_tuljan en_kite
en_opinion hr_misao
hr_roditelj en_child
hr_mnoštvo en_quantity
hr_osoba en_cashier
hr_jetra en_organ
hr_predvorje en_building
en_celery hr_hrana
hr_vrč en_container
en_umbrella hr_led
en_vinegar hr_kiselina
hr_stolica en_toilet
hr_šupljina en_rat
hr_sport en_volleyball
hr_raj en_hell
hr_preraditi en_waste
en_outside hr_unutra
en_creature hr_vuk
hr_bulevar en_street
hr_peršin en_food
en_broth hr_juha
hr_rukovoditelj en_person
en_pat hr_dodirnuti
en_emperor hr_vladar
hr_najlon en_cotton
hr_ritual en_custom
en_sandal hr_cipela
en_erupt hr_eksplodirati
en_chamber hr_bajka
hr_sreća en_emotion
hr_životinja en_container
en_conclusion hr_početak
hr_posuditi en_bother
hr_pokajanje en_remorse
hr_kit en_cricket
hr_napredovati en_retreat
en_vegetable hr_špinat
en_mayonnaise hr_hrana
hr_vjenčati en_unite
en_pronoun hr_riječ
en_lieutenant hr_hrabrost
hr_pila en_tool
en_proprietor hr_osoba
en_vanilla hr_okus
en_chemist hr_znanstvenik
en_hearing hr_vid
hr_kupus en_food
hr_podmornica en_vessel
hr_zadržati en_give
hr_pijuckati en_drink
hr_izvedba en_seat
hr_kaktus en_plant
hr_oklijevati en_wait
hr_kikiriki en_cashew
hr_trauma en_condition
en_foe hr_protivnik
en_cat hr_životinja
hr_tuga en_father
hr_osoblje en_school
en_inch hr_mjera
hr_kisik en_gas
hr_djevojka en_boy
hr_odvijač en_hammer
hr_cestarina en_fee
hr_aroma en_sleeve
hr_odaziv en_answer
en_toss hr_pauzirati
en_computer hr_stroj
hr_gurnuti en_move
hr_šlag en_food
en_animal hr_spremnik
hr_gaza en_bandage
hr_svinjetina en_pig
hr_gripa en_illness
en_lettuce hr_hrana
en_saturn hr_planet
en_protein hr_meso
hr_grana en_tree
hr_baterija en_agency
en_animal hr_štakor
en_autumn hr_period
en_skin hr_kosa
hr_majmun en_animal
hr_čeljust en_face
en_emotion hr_osjećaj
en_protein hr_jaje
hr_odreći_se en_shake
en_myth hr_fikcija
hr_mlijeko en_liquid
en_caffeine hr_čaj
en_bug hr_insekt
hr_šarm en_appeal
hr_izlet en_journey
en_sport hr_sjekira
hr_sveučilište en_school
hr_pocrvenjeti en_clarify
hr_fiziologija en_study
en_maple hr_drvo
en_refrigerator hr_uređaj
hr_rulja en_group
hr_čovjek en_encyclopedia
en_head hr_strijela
hr_leopard en_tiger
en_boyfriend hr_djevojka
hr_odabrati en_select
en_hockey hr_sport
en_nucleus hr_atom
hr_saturn en_planet
hr_grožđe en_extremity
en_dungeon hr_dvorac
hr_nomad en_person
hr_bodež en_knife
hr_dijete en_parent
en_argument hr_sukob
en_foundation hr_baza
hr_zanovijetati en_complain
en_purse hr_torba
hr_natrag en_front
en_father hr_majka
hr_radnica en_waitress
hr_pramac en_toilet
en_jesus hr_gospodin
hr_noga en_arm
en_renounce hr_tresti
en_wing hr_zrakoplov
hr_vući en_push
hr_lutka en_toy
hr_blato en_religion
hr_trans en_state
hr_morski_pas en_fish
hr_piletina en_food
en_twelve hr_broj
hr_ulica en_shrimp
en_plate hr_žlica
hr_udariti en_run
en_microwave hr_uređaj
hr_špinat en_vegetable
en_swimmer hr_trkač
hr_plodovi_mora en_mussel
hr_ritual en_event
en_olive hr_krastavac
en_destiny hr_mornar
en_bean hr_hrana
hr_koža en_tissue
en_helmet hr_zaštita
hr_losos en_fish
en_compass hr_instrument
en_phone hr_uređaj
en_flower hr_biljka
en_professional hr_amater
en_adverb hr_imenica
en_vehicle hr_alatka
hr_zadaća en_task
hr_djevojka en_person
hr_maturalna en_party
en_blue hr_boja
en_laugh hr_plakati
hr_komarac en_wisdom
hr_šest en_number
hr_mozak en_motion
hr_zmija en_reptile
en_disguise hr_sakriti
en_present hr_budućnost
en_sight hr_percepcija
en_put hr_dati
hr_krtica en_animal
en_tuba hr_instrument
en_shrub hr_grm
hr_stožac en_shape
en_biologist hr_kemičar
hr_jasle en_treatment
hr_fitilj en_candle
hr_organ en_kidney
en_biscuit hr_agrum
en_pastry hr_hrana
en_twelve hr_tucet
hr_lipa en_nickel
hr_stetoskop en_instrument
hr_dabar en_animal
en_handbag hr_zdjela
hr_kanarinac en_feather
en_coat hr_kamin
hr_oboa en_instrument
hr_lekcija en_instruction
en_lily hr_biljka
en_soccer hr_sport
hr_uništiti en_taste
en_trench hr_jarak
en_copper hr_novčanik
hr_jesen en_season
hr_prevrnuti en_defend
hr_jug en_north
en_elect hr_odabrati
en_headache hr_simptom
hr_atlas en_book
hr_sova en_bird
en_protect hr_braniti
en_bracelet hr_ogrlica
en_leg hr_stolica
hr_trauma en_injury
hr_galeb en_bird
en_swim hr_trčati
hr_baseball en_football
en_enemy hr_prijatelj
hr_rat en_conflict
hr_neprijatelj en_friend
hr_sarma en_food
hr_sluh en_sight
hr_instrument en_guitar
hr_rebro en_animal
hr_razlikovati_se en_agree
hr_bačvica en_container
en_prison hr_zatvor
hr_trava en_marrow
en_tongue hr_grlo
en_back hr_naprijed
hr_bilješka en_sorority
en_wall hr_soba
hr_keks en_citrus
hr_globus en_sphere
en_accept hr_poreći
hr_kanu en_boat
hr_slaganje en_disagreement
hr_maslina en_pickle
en_assume hr_razmišljati
en_beer hr_tekućina
hr_mošus en_scent
en_egg hr_arhitektura
en_softball hr_nogomet
hr_direktor en_supervisor
en_power hr_glina
en_stink hr_odbaciti
en_gulp hr_gutati
hr_rijeka en_lord
en_invent hr_stvoriti
en_pink hr_ljubičasta
hr_vrana en_bird
hr_komarac en_insect
en_fraternity hr_grupa
hr_brava en_door
en_cathedral hr_ozljeda
hr_prodavač en_person
en_jug hr_posuda
hr_izvan en_inside
en_heel hr_bedro
en_cheese hr_maslac
en_copper hr_bronca
hr_jagoda en_fruit
hr_orhideja en_flower
hr_sutra en_yesterday
hr_umak en_sauce
hr_pjevušiti en_whistle
en_toe hr_stopalo
en_anxiety hr_osjećaj
hr_tikvica en_food
hr_metar en_unit
hr_krilo en_bat
hr_hladnjak en_appliance
en_jupiter hr_pluton
en_hero hr_zlikovac
en_elephant hr_sisavac
en_feed hr_gladovati
en_king hr_monarh
en_position hr_lokacija
hr_diktator en_ruler
en_oak hr_bor
hr_maramica en_meal
hr_jagoda en_food
en_girl hr_žena
en_flea hr_insekt
en_love hr_osjećaj
hr_slika en_art
hr_kćer en_son
en_wing hr_anđeo
en_dove hr_ptica
en_cabbage hr_hrana
hr_pauzirati en_break
en_singer hr_dokaz
hr_kaciga en_pocket
hr_simptom en_disease
en_tangerine hr_jezgra
hr_smrt en_end
en_reach hr_izgraditi
en_noun hr_pridjev
hr_katedrala en_building
hr_klizati en_move
en_observe hr_gledati
en_proof hr_dokaz
en_dog hr_životinja
en_duty hr_obaveza
hr_vozilo en_truck
en_sitting hr_stajanje
en_advance hr_povlačiti_se
en_stove hr_kat
en_grab hr_uzeti
hr_knjiga en_atlas
en_unemployment hr_zaposlenost
hr_voće en_cherry
en_chain hr_kanta
en_trombone hr_instrument
en_sandwich hr_hrana
hr_helij en_gas
en_snack hr_obrok
en_husband hr_zmija
en_biscuit hr_hrana
en_bride hr_vjenčanje
en_water hr_zrak
hr_saksofon en_treatment
en_egg hr_mlijeko
hr_uštipnuti en_touch
hr_rog en_bull
en_video hr_televizija
hr_vino en_grape
hr_dosjetka en_humor
en_saturn hr_venera
hr_znanost en_anatomy
en_sway hr_micati_se
hr_pratiti en_follow
hr_pljačkaš en_outlaw
hr_peta en_thigh
hr_jupiter en_pluto
hr_misija en_assignment
en_fury hr_ljutnja
hr_jezgra en_atom
en_doughnut hr_hrana
hr_sjekirica en_tool
hr_galon en_measure
hr_junak en_villain
en_home hr_mjesto
en_silver hr_metal
hr_sok en_milk
hr_kćer en_female
hr_brat en_relation
hr_ruža en_plant
en_rise hr_pasti
hr_gljiva en_monster
en_glance hr_gledati
en_irritate hr_potrošiti
hr_trijem en_house
hr_tuljan en_mammal
en_enemy hr_krokodil
hr_sakriti en_develop
hr_oružje en_dagger
en_oxygen hr_voda
hr_čeljust en_bone
hr_baciti en_pause
en_material hr_najlon
hr_sjedenje en_standing
hr_profesionalac en_amateur
hr_doći en_leave
en_parsley hr_kadulja
en_architecture hr_voda
hr_zvučnik en_hell
hr_šunka en_meat
en_animal hr_sisavac
en_juice hr_mlijeko
hr_oteti en_take
en_pint hr_količina
hr_peta en_boot
en_pitchfork hr_smjesa
hr_dimnjak en_swan
hr_umjetnik en_creator
hr_dom en_location
en_yolk hr_jaje
en_instrument hr_klavir
hr_prolaz en_grasshopper
hr_avion en_craft
en_gold hr_metal
hr_životinja en_mammal
en_committee hr_skupina
hr_sukob en_disagreement
en_arrow hr_rana
hr_kivi en_fruit
en_supper hr_obrok
hr_srce en_intellect
en_rectangle hr_oblik
en_puppy hr_životinja
en_beer hr_piće
hr_zmija en_animal
hr_braniti en_smear
hr_trombon en_instrument
hr_džip en_vehicle
en_limousine hr_automobil
hr_faza en_stage
en_flame hr_zadovoljstvo
en_quail hr_životinja
en_amateur hr_posjed
hr_greda en_support
en_leg hr_ruka
hr_gmaz en_animal
en_guilt hr_nevinost
en_tail hr_voda
en_liberty hr_sloboda
hr_pištolj en_gun
hr_rum en_alcohol
en_father hr_violina
hr_klavir en_instrument
en_pistol hr_vatreno_oružje
hr_protuotrov en_medicine
en_hypothesis hr_bazen
hr_prekinuti en_begin
hr_šunka en_food
hr_galon en_pint
en_poverty hr_disciplina
hr_borovnica en_berry
hr_idol en_sword
hr_remi en_game
en_goose hr_purica
en_ride hr_hodati
hr_slon en_lecture
en_prohibit hr_spriječiti
en_service hr_pogreška
hr_princeza en_fortune
en_credit hr_kupina
hr_stado en_group
hr_priznati en_ignore
hr_kokice en_food
en_clam hr_plodovi_mora
hr_iznos en_quantity
en_squash hr_igra
en_point hr_igla
en_authority hr_moć
hr_autoritet en_power
en_speak hr_kucati
en_instrument hr_gitara
hr_jezik en_mouth
hr_svađa en_conflict
en_radish hr_povrće
hr_vježba en_activity
en_portrait hr_slika
hr_četiri en_number
en_migraine hr_bol
en_earth hr_tvar
en_executive hr_osoba
hr_suton en_dusk
hr_narukvica en_necklace
en_punishment hr_nagrada
en_marriage hr_igla
en_tomorrow hr_jučer
en_jungle hr_šuma
en_broth hr_hrana
hr_sestra en_relation
hr_farmer en_worker
hr_jogurt en_food
en_sister hr_rod
hr_imenica en_adjective
en_film hr_sunce
hr_kemičar en_scientist
hr_rana en_injury
hr_krastavac en_food
hr_torbica en_bowl
en_lunch hr_violina
hr_hokej en_sentence
en_hurricane hr_oluja
hr_brašno en_bread
en_pluto hr_planet
hr_meso en_human
en_gander hr_biologija
en_pitcher hr_hvatač
hr_primirje en_peace
hr_reklama en_advertisement
hr_gangster en_gang
hr_suprug en_spouse
en_arithmetic hr_matematika
en_competence hr_rat
en_medication hr_tretman
hr_stručnost en_ability
en_contract hr_sporazum
hr_gorila en_primate
en_suggestion hr_ideja
hr_životinja en_elephant
en_strap hr_grudnjak
hr_nogomet en_basketball
en_professor hr_profesionalac
hr_usluga en_mistake
en_incense hr_aroma
en_detach hr_razdvojiti
en_flesh hr_čovjek
en_ankle hr_zglob
en_silk hr_tkanina
en_construct hr_napraviti
hr_sport en_activity
hr_zaposlenik en_employer
en_paper hr_materijal
en_destroy hr_okusiti
en_robber hr_odmetnik
hr_žumanjak en_egg
en_hustle hr_pomaknuti
hr_pljoska en_bottle
hr_pogreb en_ceremony
en_sight hr_osjetilo
en_suppose hr_nagađati
hr_ruž en_class
en_hundred hr_broj
en_niece hr_sin
en_hamburger hr_hrana
hr_orao en_bird
en_alligator hr_životinja
en_building hr_katedrala
en_finger hr_palac
hr_tekućina en_substance
hr_naramenica en_bra
hr_aritmetika en_lettuce
hr_aligator en_animal
en_violin hr_instrument
hr_kirurg en_doctor
hr_klupa en_seat
hr_pomoći en_add
hr_simptom en_orchid
hr_morž en_mammal
hr_katedrala en_injury
en_story hr_pripovijest
hr_sin en_child
hr_slika en_television
en_cake hr_hrana
en_science hr_matematika
hr_izgraditi en_break
en_trance hr_stanje
en_burglar hr_lopov
hr_glava en_arrow
hr_skalpel en_canary
en_sincerity hr_poštenje
en_satan hr_vrag
en_yogurt hr_hrana
hr_lijek en_cause
en_mechanic hr_radnik
en_king hr_vladar
en_nitrogen hr_vodik
hr_uho en_head
en_lemon hr_voće
hr_safir en_gem
en_animal hr_gmaz
hr_tavan en_house
en_kill hr_uništiti
en_head hr_rep
hr_uređaj en_dishwasher
hr_vidra en_animal
hr_stroj en_spice
en_helmet hr_džep
en_professor hr_osoblje
en_barracuda hr_riba
hr_baseball en_game
en_canary hr_pero
en_chairperson hr_vođa
hr_traktor en_vehicle
en_four hr_broj
en_front hr_pozadina
hr_novčić en_wallet
en_calculus hr_matematika
hr_zaboraviti en_deny
hr_bacač en_catcher
hr_breskva en_fruit
en_globe hr_sfera
en_aroma hr_rukav
hr_žaba en_animal
hr_nećakinja en_son
en_bird hr_gusak
hr_smokva en_food
en_designer hr_tvorac
en_mammal hr_mačka
hr_životinja en_lamb
en_princess hr_bogatstvo
hr_geologija en_science
en_duck hr_ptica
hr_cent en_dollar
en_nightmare hr_san
hr_nogometna_lopta en_ball
hr_znanost en_math
hr_jutro en_night
hr_kemija en_knife
en_cherry hr_grožđe
en_rum hr_alkohol
en_party hr_skupina
hr_skulptura en_art
en_society hr_narod
hr_hrast en_wood
hr_slikar en_artist
hr_televizija en_medium
en_snake hr_životinja
en_twister hr_oluja
hr_trešnja en_grape
en_intestine hr_jetra
hr_sigurnost en_danger
hr_sjever en_south
en_animal hr_patka
en_symptom hr_bolest
en_erode hr_raspasti_se
hr_peraja en_fish
en_antidote hr_lijek
hr_mladež en_group
hr_otac en_son
hr_podbaciti en_operate
en_zero hr_broj
hr_krafna en_food
en_building hr_konstrukcija
hr_natjecanje en_calculator
hr_nogomet en_sport
en_ask hr_podsjetiti
hr_metal en_society
en_oven hr_uređaj
en_corporal hr_časnik
en_father hr_sin
en_salmon hr_riba
hr_pisaći_stroj en_machine
hr_vrat en_stream
hr_puž en_courage
en_science hr_anatomija
hr_pročelje en_rear
en_job hr_aktivnost
hr_promišljati en_think
en_lunch hr_doručak
hr_jezgra en_cell
en_prune hr_voće
hr_saksofon en_instrument
hr_barakuda en_fish
en_avenue hr_cesta
hr_glava en_pin
hr_javor en_tree
hr_mlažnjak en_plane
en_death hr_kraj
hr_špijun en_agent
hr_zadirkivati en_perform
en_concert hr_događaj
en_stethoscope hr_instrument
hr_gušter en_animal
en_coffee hr_mlijeko
en_caption hr_tehnika
en_daughter hr_sin
en_empathy hr_osjećaj
en_agreement hr_klupa
en_stew hr_kuhati
hr_slovo en_symbol
en_pie hr_hrana
hr_aritmetika en_math
hr_tableta en_medicine
hr_rog_jelena en_horn
hr_metar en_measure
hr_zvijezda en_galaxy
hr_riba en_shark
hr_svjedočiti en_tell
hr_naušnica en_jewelry
hr_tjestenina en_food
hr_oklop en_turtle
en_price hr_vrijednost
hr_zakonodavstvo en_legion
hr_štititi en_defend
en_orange hr_voće
en_ruby hr_smaragd
hr_bilješka en_message
en_furniture hr_stolica
hr_alt en_voice
en_clerk hr_račun
en_tip hr_olovka
hr_zaudarati en_dismiss
en_brown hr_zelena
hr_mnoštvo en_group
en_performance hr_sjedalo
en_virtue hr_pejzaž
hr_glazba en_sound
hr_golf en_game
en_nitrogen hr_kisik
en_darkness hr_flanel
en_door hr_ulaz
hr_koncert en_event
en_winter hr_ljeto
en_innocence hr_grožđe
hr_pozadina en_front
en_oak hr_ogrlica
en_twilight hr_sumrak
hr_ogrlica en_bracelet
en_charity hr_dobrota
hr_leš en_body
hr_skupina en_choir
hr_golubica en_bird
hr_dvoje en_pair
hr_proizvođač en_maker
hr_vrlina en_landscape
hr_izračunati en_calculate
en_shovel hr_kanta
en_ponder hr_razmišljati
hr_jazz en_music
en_astronomy hr_znanost
en_almond hr_kikiriki
hr_uvenuti en_diminish
hr_korov en_plant
en_queen hr_tuš
hr_napredovati en_take
en_break hr_objasniti
hr_nada en_despair
en_sport hr_rekreacija
en_gallon hr_pinta
en_leave hr_kontrolirati
en_jaw hr_kost
hr_karfiol en_broccoli
hr_zadovoljstvo en_herd
en_prince hr_visost
hr_stijena en_rock
en_nine hr_broj
hr_siromaštvo en_discipline
en_pun hr_humor
en_abuse hr_maltretirati
en_dinner hr_ladica
en_car hr_vozilo
en_horn hr_bik
hr_lakat en_joint
en_mile hr_inč
en_lodge hr_prenoćište
hr_omlet en_food
en_parent hr_dijete
en_mink hr_životinja
en_motion hr_akcija
hr_željeti en_separate
en_deny hr_odbiti
en_sword hr_oružje
hr_otisak en_evidence
hr_janje en_animal
hr_tuba en_instrument
hr_posada en_group
en_horn hr_automobil
hr_pogledati en_stretch
hr_pinta en_measure
en_sirloin hr_meso
hr_život en_existence
en_airplane hr_letjelica
hr_dizalo en_building
en_lecture hr_govor
en_snail hr_životinja
hr_naranča en_fruit
hr_duga en_sky
hr_šišmiš en_animal
hr_obrva en_face
en_metal hr_društvo
en_stool hr_zahod
en_thesaurus hr_knjiga
hr_pretpostaviti en_think
hr_madrac en_addition
en_shutter hr_fotoaparat
hr_govoriti en_knock
en_psychology hr_znanost
en_happiness hr_emocija
hr_gaćice en_underwear
en_owl hr_ptica
en_atlas hr_knjiga
en_assignment hr_zadatak
en_cotton hr_materijal
hr_kralj en_monarch
en_camel hr_životinja
hr_svojstvo en_face
en_speaker hr_pakao
hr_sport en_recreation
hr_rog en_car
en_elbow hr_ruka
hr_car en_ruler
en_race hr_natjecanje
hr_sići en_create
hr_polica en_closet
en_plant hr_repa
en_lamb hr_životinja
en_formula hr_pekar
hr_prtljažnik en_car
en_crib hr_liječenje
hr_kanta en_container
en_star hr_simbol
hr_vuk en_animal
hr_sjever en_direction
hr_blokada en_barrier
hr_rotkvica en_carrot
en_jazz hr_glazba
hr_dupin en_oxygen
hr_kava en_milk
hr_biologija en_study
en_absence hr_medicina
en_go hr_odbaciti
hr_školjka en_seafood
hr_krivnja en_innocence
en_wife hr_umjetnost
en_leg hr_bedro
hr_deterdžent en_cleaner
hr_bjelančevina en_milk
en_salary hr_plaća
en_blackberry hr_hrana
hr_bjelančevina en_meat
hr_prsten en_jewelry
hr_krilo en_angel
en_snail hr_hrabrost
en_square hr_oblik
en_volleyball hr_aktivnost
hr_fotoaparat en_anatomy
en_rifle hr_vatreno_oružje
en_note hr_poruka
hr_odbor en_group
hr_vojska en_democracy
hr_tama en_flannel
hr_piće en_soda
hr_hihotati_se en_laugh
hr_sisavac en_animal
hr_podatak en_information
en_olive hr_hrana
hr_grah en_food
en_van hr_vozilo
hr_izumiti en_create
en_typhoon hr_oluja
hr_profesor en_staff
hr_zid en_department
hr_šaka en_arm
en_surgeon hr_liječnik
en_fiddle hr_instrument
hr_krilo en_bird
en_refrigerator hr_lopta
hr_točka en_sword
en_restroom hr_komunikacija
hr_prihvatiti en_restore
hr_puma en_cat
en_mob hr_skupina
hr_brada en_goat
en_wall hr_odjel
hr_kunjati en_nap
hr_baseball en_sport
hr_sjekira en_tool
hr_predavanje en_speech
hr_gusak en_biology
hr_lanac en_bandage
en_anatomy hr_znanost
en_strawberry hr_borovnica
en_possum hr_životinja
hr_pogubiti en_kill
en_street hr_škamp
en_succeed hr_podbaciti
en_prank hr_šala
hr_odred en_group
en_mouth hr_svemir
en_damage hr_šteta
en_human hr_sisavac
en_gauge hr_nogostup
en_scalpel hr_instrument
hr_časnik en_corporal
en_organ hr_bubreg
en_eyebrow hr_lice
hr_promatrati en_watch
en_response hr_odgovor
en_trip hr_putovanje
en_integrity hr_radnik
hr_banana en_fruit
en_chimney hr_labud
en_ritual hr_događaj
en_sell hr_kupiti
en_label hr_znak
hr_smog en_achievement
hr_tuljan en_animal
en_technician hr_radnik
hr_sir en_butter
en_procedure hr_suza
en_bouillon hr_hrana
hr_baka en_grandparent
hr_heroina en_woman
en_custard hr_zgrada
hr_guska en_animal
hr_ječam en_food
hr_kovčeg en_luggage
en_learn hr_suditi
en_sapphire hr_dragulj
hr_rog en_instrument
hr_izdajnik en_thief
en_football hr_lopta
hr_kada en_bathroom
hr_krevet en_bedroom
hr_bendžo en_instrument
en_wall hr_prepreka
hr_službenik en_person
hr_guma en_material
hr_piće en_gin
hr_princ en_captain
hr_šljunak en_stone
en_stream hr_linija
en_haze hr_magla
hr_deblo en_elephant
en_penguin hr_ptica
hr_pilula en_medication
hr_sljedbenik en_leader
hr_svratište en_inn
hr_kupina en_food
hr_lopatica en_utensil
hr_braniti en_protect
hr_brat en_sister
en_delay hr_pokazati
en_drawer hr_stol
hr_enciklopedija en_book
hr_pljoska en_container
en_geology hr_misao
en_hamburger hr_ptica
en_soda hr_tekućina
en_recall hr_sjetiti_se
en_uncle hr_tetka
en_rabbit hr_sinagoga
hr_tehničar en_worker
en_tree hr_šuma
hr_brašno en_dough
hr_lisica en_animal
hr_trkač en_athlete
hr_limun en_fruit
en_show hr_ujediniti
hr_pjevati en_perform
hr_jezik en_throat
en_soul hr_glazba
hr_pingvin en_animal
en_news hr_informacija
hr_rame en_elbow
en_jaw hr_lice
hr_vijesti en_information
en_suppose hr_razmišljati
hr_pedala en_bike
en_pistol hr_oružje
hr_cesta en_avenue
hr_iskrenost en_honesty
hr_mravojed en_animal
hr_stolica en_furniture
en_pike hr_riba
en_shape hr_trokut
hr_zapad en_direction
hr_raspadati_se en_deteriorate
en_limp hr_hodati
hr_oposum en_animal
en_look hr_rastegnuti
en_restriction hr_pravilo
en_do hr_biti
en_sit hr_stajati
en_clerk hr_osoba
en_gathering hr_gozba
en_grape hr_ekstremitet
hr_sjediti en_stand
en_maid hr_posluga
en_aim hr_usmjeriti
en_rib hr_životinja
en_south hr_sjever
hr_kirurgija en_vacation
en_obstacle hr_prepreka
en_pyramid hr_oblik
hr_jutro en_intelligence
hr_antilop en_leather
hr_kornjača en_animal
hr_gležanj en_joint
en_recycle hr_baciti
hr_ljuljati en_set
en_cricket hr_igra
hr_službenik en_worker
en_baseball hr_igra
hr_princ en_royalty
en_destiny hr_kob
hr_kiselina en_shell
en_fig hr_hrana
en_lobby hr_svila
en_suede hr_materijal
hr_kobasica en_food
hr_razbiti en_break
hr_krug en_shape
hr_granit en_stone
en_skin hr_tkivo
en_barley hr_hrana
en_mammal hr_životinja
en_scallop hr_hrana
en_grape hr_hrana
hr_kišobran en_protection
hr_vozač en_antler
hr_plin en_automobile
hr_dinosaur en_creature
hr_kraljica en_shower
en_author hr_tvorac
en_flu hr_bolest
en_owl hr_životinja
en_tongue hr_usta
hr_ograničenje en_rule
hr_pogledati en_look
en_monkey hr_životinja
en_dunk hr_umočiti
hr_tekst en_poem
en_whisper hr_razgovarati
en_road hr_avenija
hr_namještaj en_chair
en_necklace hr_narukvica
hr_prijatelj en_foe
en_migraine hr_glavobolja
hr_bajka en_story
hr_dijamant en_pearl
hr_maskirati en_hide
en_plant hr_životinja
en_response hr_pitanje
hr_bogatstvo en_poverty
en_philosophy hr_područje
hr_novčanik en_briefcase
hr_pjega en_spot
en_wife hr_muž
hr_priča en_tale
en_starboard hr_zahod
en_pudding hr_desert
en_incense hr_miris
en_morning hr_noć
en_ant hr_insekt
en_spoon hr_vilica
en_ivy hr_biljka
hr_automobil en_vehicle
en_sonnet hr_pjesma
hr_zima en_season
hr_pridjev en_word
en_helium hr_plin
en_elephant hr_životinja
en_bread hr_nogomet
hr_kemija en_science
en_liquor hr_džin
hr_protivnik en_chorus
hr_odbojka en_sport
hr_kupina en_fruit
en_toaster hr_uređaj
en_choir hr_skupina
en_wing hr_ptica
en_stage hr_razbojnik
hr_blagoslov en_approval
hr_njihati_se en_move
hr_orhideja en_plant
en_star hr_galaksija
hr_telefon en_device
en_olympics hr_događaj
hr_tenor en_singer
en_praise hr_odobravanje
en_wing hr_koža
hr_hamburger en_food
hr_odgoditi en_show
hr_nezaposlenost en_employment
hr_susjedstvo en_area
en_chimpanzee hr_primat
en_wealth hr_siromaštvo
en_mosquito hr_insekt
en_defend hr_zaštititi
hr_rat en_anatomy
hr_skup en_feast
hr_jezero en_water
en_attack hr_ukloniti
en_stop hr_početi
hr_točka en_mark
hr_osnova en_base
hr_pedala en_bicycle
hr_odrastao en_child
en_plum hr_kruška
hr_liječenje en_treatment
en_eight hr_broj
en_siren hr_signal
en_ear hr_zaposlenik
en_subtract hr_pomnožiti
en_curve hr_cesta
en_lizard hr_stvorenje
en_tablet hr_lijek
en_bang hr_buka
hr_nadražiti en_spend
hr_crijevo en_liver
en_casket hr_kutija
hr_sova en_animal
en_tool hr_odvijač
hr_makaroni en_food
hr_dvanaest en_number
en_lingerie hr_rublje
hr_cvijet en_kangaroo
en_headache hr_bol
hr_sok en_beverage
hr_pločnik en_surface
en_insult hr_povrijediti
en_wallet hr_aktovka
en_strawberry hr_hrana
hr_četiri en_two
en_build hr_uništiti
hr_slika en_washer
en_jealousy hr_osjećaj
en_profit hr_gubitak
en_tennis hr_aktivnost
en_alto hr_tenor
hr_crta en_ointment
en_tractor hr_vozilo
en_crave hr_željeti
hr_prodati en_buy
hr_polica en_cabinet
hr_pastrva en_fish
hr_zarez en_punctuation
en_truck hr_vozilo
hr_konj en_team
hr_prodavati en_acknowledge
hr_hladnjak en_ball
en_fear hr_tenor
hr_slika en_image
en_transplant hr_pomaknuti
en_calculus hr_trigonometrija
hr_semestar en_hour
hr_bujon en_soup
hr_instrument en_piano
en_noun hr_riječ
en_musk hr_miris
hr_limuzina en_car
hr_avenija en_road
hr_dojam en_avenue
hr_potok en_line
en_biology hr_područje
en_blush hr_razjasniti
en_sibling hr_obitelj
en_passage hr_skakavac
hr_zbrojiti en_multiply
en_rummy hr_igra
en_wit hr_humor
en_racquetball hr_sport
hr_pločnik en_path
en_skunk hr_životinja
en_wine hr_grožđe
hr_vile en_tool
en_hit hr_trčati
hr_kaplar en_officer
en_cotton hr_tkanina
hr_značenje en_nonsense
en_gin hr_piće
en_smog hr_dostignuće
hr_noga en_thigh
en_curve hr_praznovjerje
en_kiwi hr_voće
en_unite hr_združiti
hr_banket en_party
en_pardon hr_uvjeriti
en_cashier hr_osoba
en_rabbit hr_životinja
en_tub hr_kupaonica
en_reprimand hr_grditi
en_breast hr_purica
en_steak hr_hrana
hr_naslov en_technique
en_robin hr_ptica
en_mistake hr_greška
en_scribble hr_pisati
hr_otac en_fiddle
en_deny hr_zaboraviti
en_theft hr_dodatak
hr_djevojčica en_child
hr_amater en_possession
en_keyboard hr_ruka
hr_zdrobiti en_demolish
en_bread hr_hrana
hr_snaga en_ability
en_crowd hr_skupina
en_oatmeal hr_hrana
hr_bodež en_weapon
en_guilt hr_osjećaj
en_compute hr_računati
hr_tajfun en_storm
en_bedroom hr_dom
en_octopus hr_stvorenje
en_crook hr_bolest
hr_hipoteza en_pool
hr_suprug en_snake
hr_koža en_material
hr_talac en_captive
hr_sestra en_sorority
hr_pas en_animal
hr_bršljan en_plant
en_corpse hr_tron
hr_torbica en_waiter
hr_uragan en_storm
en_bishop hr_kralj
hr_poklopac en_camera
hr_uzdizati_se en_leave
en_flip hr_braniti
en_producer hr_tvorac
hr_napomenuti en_slay
hr_violina en_instrument
en_ascent hr_silazak
en_pill hr_lijek
hr_podijeliti en_obtain
hr_predsjednik en_leader
en_flour hr_tijesto
hr_dušik en_hydrogen
hr_članak en_finger
en_neighborhood hr_područje
en_joy hr_tuga
hr_gnjaviti en_count
en_radish hr_mrkva
en_camera hr_anatomija
hr_zvijezda en_symbol
hr_kruh en_food
hr_žena en_art
hr_plivač en_runner
hr_oklop en_attic
hr_tkivo en_bridge
hr_stručnost en_war
hr_kost en_jaw
en_region hr_partner
en_crocodile hr_životinja
hr_voda en_fluid
hr_bakalar en_fish
hr_smrt en_birth
hr_tjedan en_year
en_happening hr_posteljina
en_vegetable hr_rajčica
hr_puretina en_meat
hr_pokret en_motion
hr_limuzina en_migraine
en_airplane hr_top
en_assignment hr_zadaća
en_religion hr_vjerovanje
hr_pjesnik en_writer
en_kidnap hr_uzeti
en_product hr_luka
hr_salata en_food
en_screwdriver hr_alat
en_flower hr_prekršaj
hr_tamnica en_castle
en_turnip hr_biljka
en_rat hr_životinja
hr_pukovnik en_officer
en_unite hr_podijeliti
hr_postupak en_tear
hr_džoker en_card
hr_zima en_summer
hr_mrav en_insect
hr_dlijeto en_tool
en_shark hr_riba
en_width hr_visina
en_virtue hr_kvaliteta
en_meaning hr_sloboda
en_gallon hr_mjera
hr_službenik en_calculus
en_peace hr_rat
hr_felga en_wheel
en_adult hr_dijete
hr_burbon en_alcohol
hr_životinja en_message
hr_prijelaz en_turtle
en_lunch hr_večera
hr_dlaka en_mammal
hr_mikrovalna en_appliance
en_fox hr_životinja
hr_regija en_partner
hr_protuotrov en_cure
hr_hamburger en_bird
hr_spavaonica en_home
hr_štakor en_animal
hr_krokodil en_animal
hr_toster en_appliance
hr_staza en_leopard
hr_jaje en_architecture
hr_bakar en_bronze
en_idol hr_mač
en_pepper hr_sol
en_manufacturer hr_tvorac
en_pal hr_prijatelj
hr_tekućina en_keyboard
en_butcher hr_pekar
en_corporation hr_biznis
hr_zrakoplov en_aircraft
hr_kuhinja en_bedroom
en_wheat hr_žitarica
hr_dupin en_mammal
en_biology hr_znanost
hr_motocikl en_vehicle
hr_povjetarac en_wind
hr_krevet en_furniture
hr_dečko en_girlfriend
hr_podijeliti en_add
en_purse hr_konobar
hr_medikament en_remedy
en_king hr_kraljica
hr_ljiljan en_plant
en_fade hr_nestati
en_amateur hr_stručnjak
hr_nerc en_animal
hr_simpatija en_feeling
hr_šest en_seven
en_jet hr_avion
hr_psihologija en_science
hr_zahod en_alligator
en_murderer hr_ubojica
en_cow hr_životinja
en_kidney hr_organ
en_sport hr_odbojka
hr_slomiti en_explain
en_mother hr_odrasla_osoba
hr_debata en_talk
hr_insekt en_mosquito
en_restroom hr_aligator
en_feast hr_okupljanje
hr_patka en_animal
en_diamond hr_dragulj
hr_provalnik en_crook
hr_rudar en_worker
hr_plivati en_run
hr_protivnik en_adversary
en_knuckle hr_prst
en_raccoon hr_životinja
hr_saturn en_venus
en_ax hr_alat
en_fairytale hr_priča
hr_snaga en_clay
en_bridge hr_križ
hr_žlica en_fork
hr_dečko en_lover
en_bed hr_namještaj
hr_tegliti en_tell
en_volleyball hr_igra
en_disallow hr_zamazati
hr_objaviti en_say
en_employee hr_poslodavac
en_material hr_guma
hr_kriket en_sport
hr_papir en_material
en_trigger hr_pištolj
en_zipper hr_hlače
en_vehicle hr_automobil
hr_pita en_food
en_project hr_element
hr_zgrada en_cathedral
hr_filozofija en_study
hr_analizirati en_waste
en_pause hr_trčanje
en_lip hr_jezik
hr_obrisati en_catch
en_mission hr_zadatak
en_potato hr_povrće
hr_vrata en_entrance
hr_biljka en_animal
en_man hr_žena
en_tooth hr_pila
en_detergent hr_čistač
hr_pero en_fleet
hr_emocija en_feeling
hr_vanilija en_flavor
en_pause hr_odmoriti
en_stoplight hr_signal
en_heel hr_čizma
hr_badem en_peanut
hr_pero en_bird
hr_ocat en_acid
en_hydrogen hr_helij
en_opponent hr_suparnik
en_asia hr_afrika
en_finger hr_rukavica
en_blueberry hr_bobica
en_adjective hr_glagol
hr_ptica en_gander
en_alto hr_glas
en_hope hr_očaj
en_mushroom hr_čudovište
en_foot hr_biljka
hr_mungos en_animal
hr_razbiti en_destroy
en_south hr_smjer
en_gangster hr_banda
hr_pingvin en_bird
hr_gozba en_gathering
en_writing hr_pjesma
en_mouse hr_životinja
hr_stotina en_number
en_man hr_primat
hr_žena en_husband
en_mother hr_otac
hr_okrug en_country
hr_bubanj en_instrument
hr_voda en_liquid
hr_erodirati en_tease
en_ham hr_hrana
en_girl hr_dijete
en_alley hr_cesta
hr_naslonjač en_seat
hr_stablo en_forest
en_canary hr_ptica
hr_staklenka en_container
en_homework hr_zadatak
en_onion hr_hrana
hr_kviz en_test
hr_šah en_game
hr_geologija en_thought
hr_slap en_tennis
hr_cvjetača en_food
hr_majka en_father
hr_životinja en_duck
en_washer hr_uređaj
hr_ciljati en_direct
en_limousine hr_vozilo
en_lock hr_vrata
hr_košarka en_sport
hr_spomenik en_memorial
hr_trokut en_shape
hr_majka en_woman
en_canoe hr_čamac
hr_pantera en_cat
hr_tornado en_storm
hr_dijamant en_gem
en_conference hr_sastanak
en_mistake hr_vladar
en_language hr_komunikacija
hr_odsutnost en_medicine
hr_sfera en_shape
en_geology hr_područje
hr_algebra en_math
hr_zgrabiti en_take
hr_vozilo en_motorcycle
en_shrimp hr_plodovi_mora
en_boulder hr_kamen
hr_uho en_employee
hr_kriviti en_drink
hr_gorila en_ape
en_decline hr_prihvatiti
en_boulevard hr_cesta
en_graph hr_dijagram
hr_priča en_writing
en_week hr_godina
hr_proizvođač en_creator
en_lesson hr_podučavanje
en_star hr_ljuska
hr_riba en_bass
en_accelerate hr_priznati
hr_rak en_disease
en_university hr_škola
hr_noga en_chair
hr_događaj en_linen
en_tenor hr_gubitnik
hr_teletina en_meat
en_collar hr_vrat
hr_janje en_sheep
hr_sisavac en_elephant
hr_pećnica en_appliance
en_destiny hr_haljina
en_crab hr_plodovi_mora
en_hammer hr_rak
en_gravel hr_kamen
en_tortoise hr_životinja
hr_trešnja en_fruit
hr_milja en_inch
en_hand hr_ruka
hr_odvojiti en_attach
hr_usta en_universe
en_legion hr_skupina
en_poet hr_pisac
en_focus hr_pažnja
en_smear hr_zamrljati
hr_uspjeti en_fail
en_west hr_smjer
hr_otac en_mother
hr_smog en_pollution
en_painter hr_umjetnik
en_car hr_limuzina
hr_poreći en_forget
hr_redovnik en_adversary
hr_geometrija en_math
en_panel hr_ploča
en_ankle hr_noga
hr_ustav en_document
hr_pinta en_amount
hr_materijal en_rubber
hr_sudbina en_fate
en_slay hr_ubiti
en_food hr_kobasica
en_picture hr_televizija
en_adjective hr_riječ
hr_buba en_creature
hr_protuotrov en_drug
en_walkway hr_trotoar
en_cop hr_službenik
en_drift hr_pomaknuti_se
en_sausage hr_hrana
hr_popeti_se en_descend
en_fungus hr_ljubaznost
en_marble hr_kamen
en_twine hr_konop
en_ounce hr_mjera
en_portion hr_količina
en_pint hr_mjera
hr_presaditi en_move
hr_natjecanje en_race
hr_tegliti en_pull
en_coleslaw hr_hrana
hr_jagoda en_blueberry
hr_koriti en_scold
hr_instrument en_tuba
hr_rotkvica en_vegetable
hr_anatomija en_science
en_trunk hr_oaza
en_commander hr_vođa
en_stream hr_kisik
en_appliance hr_perilica
en_bed hr_spavaonica
hr_dobit en_loss
en_sidewalk hr_staza
en_snake hr_gmaz
en_football hr_košarka
hr_primat en_animal
hr_žena en_bracelet
en_saxophone hr_instrument
hr_konferencija en_meeting
hr_osjećaj en_ecstasy
hr_šljiva en_fruit
en_pitcher hr_spremnik
en_herd hr_skupina
hr_tvor en_animal
en_club hr_organizacija
en_youth hr_skupina
en_son hr_dijete
hr_pamuk en_fabric
en_wife hr_prsten
en_antler hr_jelen
en_war hr_anatomija
en_path hr_leopard
hr_čekić en_cancer
en_pick hr_izabrati
hr_neslaganje en_conflict
en_opponent hr_refren
en_lake hr_voda
hr_kompas en_instrument
en_snack hr_hrana
en_automobile hr_vozilo
hr_simfonija en_music
hr_kupac en_person
hr_slon en_officer
en_tease hr_nastupati
en_pedal hr_bicikl
en_spade hr_lopata
en_shell hr_kornjača
hr_dizajner en_creator
hr_pluton en_planet
en_insect hr_komarac
hr_tamjan en_odor
hr_skica en_drawing
en_lace hr_cipela
en_softball hr_sport
en_measure hr_galon
en_dinosaur hr_životinja
en_fingernail hr_prst
hr_mehaničar en_worker
en_almanac hr_knjiga
en_sunrise hr_zalazak
hr_drug en_buddy
hr_rep en_water
hr_pravokutnik en_shape
en_death hr_rođenje
hr_klokan en_animal
hr_kriket en_game
en_deny hr_zdrobiti
en_food hr_pita
hr_psina en_joke
hr_zelena en_blue
hr_perilica en_appliance
hr_glava en_tail
en_son hr_kćer
en_primate hr_životinja
hr_ugovor en_document
en_head hr_stopalo
en_wrist hr_ruka
hr_razgovor en_communication
en_exercise hr_aktivnost
hr_pokrajina en_region
hr_jezik en_communication
en_bottle hr_spremnik
hr_mit en_fiction
hr_koža en_hair
hr_hokej en_sport
en_disagreement hr_sukob
en_pickle hr_hrana
hr_posao en_activity
hr_srebro en_metal
hr_lanac en_bicycle
hr_tragedija en_comedy
en_six hr_broj
hr_kuk en_joint
hr_djevojka en_woman
hr_šef en_executive
en_snooze hr_drijemati
hr_odvojiti en_divide
hr_tkivo en_bone
hr_zrakoplov en_cannon
en_agreement hr_neslaganje
en_sardine hr_hrana
hr_jug en_direction
en_commercial hr_oglas
hr_majmun en_humor
en_otter hr_životinja
en_point hr_olovka
en_wolf hr_životinja
en_nylon hr_materijal
hr_deblo en_oasis
en_oxygen hr_plin
hr_hrana en_pie
hr_konobarica en_server
en_swallow hr_upropastiti
en_boulevard hr_ulica
en_haystack hr_gomila
hr_plast en_winner
hr_širina en_height
en_gorilla hr_majmun
hr_skvoš en_sport
hr_tamnica en_jail
en_limousine hr_glavobolja
en_newspaper hr_časnik
en_destiny hr_potok
hr_faza en_robber
hr_stupac en_paper
hr_okidač en_gun
en_borrow hr_gnjaviti
en_triangle hr_oblik
hr_alt en_tenor
en_anarchy hr_nered
en_weapon hr_bodež
en_piano hr_instrument
hr_svinjetina en_meat
en_sell hr_potvrditi
hr_kombi en_vehicle
hr_oprostiti en_persuade
hr_kvadrat en_circle
hr_puška en_gun
en_pitchfork hr_alat
hr_pećina en_cave
en_liver hr_organ
en_director hr_nadglednik
hr_gutati en_sell
en_waterfall hr_tenis
en_dictator hr_vladar
hr_zatvarač en_pants
en_month hr_godina
en_granite hr_kamen
hr_tjedan en_month
hr_prsa en_turkey
hr_mjerač en_sidewalk
en_brother hr_sestra
en_couple hr_par
en_captain hr_časnik
hr_atmosfera en_killer
hr_ručak en_supper
en_blackberry hr_voće
hr_glava en_foot
en_kangaroo hr_životinja
en_clerk hr_radnik
hr_bolest en_cancer
en_dinosaur hr_stvorenje
en_winter hr_period
hr_nokat en_finger
en_brain hr_pokret
hr_aleja en_road
hr_mandarina en_fruit
hr_usna en_tongue
hr_zid en_room
hr_stopalo en_leg
hr_majka en_adult
en_cancer hr_bolest
en_divide hr_pribaviti
en_flask hr_spremnik
en_banana hr_voće
hr_leš en_throne
hr_čekati en_seize
hr_korporacija en_business
hr_zglob en_arm
hr_lopata en_pail
hr_tele en_animal
en_movement hr_kretanje
hr_odvijač en_tool
hr_čovjek en_woman
en_mammal hr_dupin
en_flour hr_kruh
hr_mjesec en_year
hr_kaput en_fireplace
hr_škrabati en_write
en_penny hr_novčić
hr_nula en_number
en_contract hr_dokument
en_easter hr_praznik
hr_kamion en_vehicle
hr_softball en_football
hr_truba en_instrument
hr_ladica en_desk
hr_integritet en_worker
hr_sudbina en_dress
en_friend hr_protivnik
hr_celer en_food
en_macaroni hr_hrana
en_rainbow hr_nebo
en_plot hr_planirati
hr_spasiti en_crash
en_follower hr_vođa
en_silk hr_materijal
en_tragedy hr_komedija
en_vault hr_komora
hr_tresti en_sink
hr_labud en_trip
en_set hr_ljuljati
en_mass hr_ceremonija
en_symphony hr_glazba
en_cod hr_riba
en_week hr_mjesec
en_marry hr_ujediniti
hr_tenor en_loser
hr_erodirati en_decay
en_lime hr_voće
hr_pivo en_liquid
hr_kofein en_tea
en_horn hr_koza
hr_gmaz en_alligator
en_collect hr_zavrtiti
hr_mač en_weapon
hr_alkohol en_substance
en_goal hr_dlijeto
en_wag hr_micati
en_dawn hr_zalazak
hr_plavo en_color
en_answer hr_pitanje
en_heroine hr_žena
hr_portret en_picture
en_cavern hr_špilja
hr_zob en_cereal
hr_zavrtiti en_turn
hr_zora en_sunset
hr_uskrs en_holiday
en_number hr_osam
en_worker hr_konobarica
hr_dužnost en_obligation
hr_postaviti en_swing
en_cookie hr_hrana
en_female hr_narukvica
en_sidewalk hr_nogostup
hr_izračunati en_deliver
hr_skalpel en_instrument
en_soil hr_pljusak
en_eye hr_lice
en_cavity hr_štakor
en_clove hr_biljka
hr_mramor en_rock
en_monk hr_protivnik
hr_jetra en_biologist
en_rear hr_pročelje
hr_dopustiti en_return
hr_otići en_arrive
en_vow hr_obećanje
en_chisel hr_alat
en_legislature hr_legija
en_trauma hr_ozljeda
en_ballerina hr_plesač
hr_ustati en_fall
hr_tunel en_passage
en_day hr_tjedan
hr_vlasnik en_person
hr_dušik en_oxygen
en_beard hr_koza
en_zucchini hr_hrana
hr_odgoditi en_hurry
en_era hr_vrijeme
en_picture hr_imidž
en_circle hr_oblik
en_tangerine hr_voće
hr_čovjek en_mammal
hr_korov en_venom
en_feature hr_lice
hr_hrast en_necklace
hr_gljiva en_food
en_lipstick hr_klasa
en_green hr_plava
en_tug hr_vući
hr_kip en_figure
en_girl hr_dečko
en_calculate hr_dostaviti
hr_trčati en_jump
hr_pogreška en_error
hr_guverner en_politician
hr_zamazati en_smudge
en_animal hr_slon
en_semester hr_sat
hr_zgrada en_construction
en_admit hr_kupiti
en_walrus hr_sisavac
hr_izabrati en_select
hr_gutati en_waste
hr_kisik en_water
hr_najlon en_material
en_officer hr_kaplar
hr_nokat en_toe
en_toenail hr_prst
en_appliance hr_pećnica
hr_piće en_beer
hr_mišljenje en_thought
en_horn hr_instrument
hr_flauta en_instrument
en_constitution hr_dokument
hr_šepati en_walk
hr_kralj en_ruler
en_veal hr_meso
en_party hr_događaj
hr_smeđa en_green
hr_juha en_food
en_alligator hr_gmaz
hr_kestenjasta en_color
hr_purica en_bird
en_spinach hr_povrće
hr_hrvanje en_sport
en_milk hr_tekućina
hr_sin en_daughter
en_spot hr_oznaka
en_morning hr_inteligencija
hr_boca en_container
en_disperse hr_odvojiti
hr_nastaviti en_break
hr_cvijet en_offense
en_concert hr_nastup
hr_pšenica en_cereal
hr_oznaka en_sign
hr_formula en_baker
en_meter hr_mjera
hr_pomaknuti en_change
en_banquet hr_zabava
en_haystack hr_pobjednik
en_give hr_uzeti
en_shatter hr_slomiti
hr_čimpanza en_primate
en_turkey hr_ptica
en_farmer hr_radnik
en_neck hr_potok
en_cup hr_spremnik
en_sip hr_piti
hr_hobotnica en_creature
hr_poreći en_crush
hr_most en_cross
hr_aspirin en_drug
en_sing hr_izvoditi
en_blessing hr_odobrenje
en_data hr_informacija
en_fish hr_morski_pas
hr_bijes en_anger
hr_mama en_parent
en_lizard hr_životinja
en_weed hr_biljka
en_parsley hr_hrana
hr_vrlina en_quality
en_cherry hr_voće
hr_krigla en_container
en_oak hr_drvo
en_girl hr_osoba
en_tissue hr_obrok
hr_plamen en_pleasure
en_crush hr_demolirati
en_seal hr_životinja
hr_baciti en_annoy
en_toss hr_baciti
en_snatch hr_uzeti
en_deck hr_brod
hr_teletina en_food
en_subtraction hr_rezidencija
hr_ljubomora en_feeling
hr_zec en_synagogue
en_forget hr_umanjiti
hr_sobarica en_servant
hr_ceremonija en_blade
hr_papa en_leader
en_foot hr_mjera
en_recliner hr_namještaj
hr_kuhati en_freeze
hr_sendvič en_food
en_daughter hr_dijete
en_nephew hr_nećakinja
hr_nevinost en_grape
hr_obrok en_pen
en_statue hr_figura
hr_zaposlenje en_work
hr_napasti en_remove
hr_ručak en_violin
en_hypothesis hr_ideja
en_north hr_smjer
hr_uspon en_descent
en_amateur hr_raj
en_feeling hr_ekstaza
en_fail hr_operirati
en_pope hr_vođa
en_tornado hr_oluja
en_suede hr_koža
en_observe hr_preplanuti
en_nag hr_žaliti_se
en_highway hr_cesta
en_cauliflower hr_brokula
en_educate hr_informirati
hr_uvrijediti en_hurt
hr_večera en_drawer
en_drawer hr_škrinja
en_buggy hr_vozilo
hr_vozilo en_car
hr_zglob en_elbow
hr_tjeskoba en_feeling
hr_vodik en_helium
hr_noć en_day
en_gas hr_automobil
en_crow hr_ptica
en_swan hr_putovanje
en_meal hr_nalivpero
en_reader hr_osoba
hr_plivati en_sink
en_alley hr_ulica
hr_zagađenje en_boat
en_quill hr_flota
hr_pločnik en_walkway
hr_lanac en_bucket
hr_lipa en_coin
hr_odbojka en_game
hr_dječak en_child
hr_prositi en_sip
hr_limeta en_fruit
en_basketball hr_sport
en_shift hr_promijeniti
en_mongoose hr_životinja
hr_ugovor en_agreement
en_pull hr_gurnuti
hr_mahati en_move
hr_cijena en_value
en_competition hr_kalkulator
hr_večera en_meal
hr_hrast en_pine
hr_krema en_building
hr_zec en_animal
en_hockey hr_rečenica
hr_blagajnik en_person
en_strength hr_sposobnost
en_group hr_zbor
hr_celer en_vegetable
en_theft hr_kriminal
en_caravan hr_vozilo
en_algebra hr_matematika
hr_bulevar en_road
hr_štuka en_fish
hr_pobjednik en_loser
hr_liječenje en_saxophone
hr_crvendać en_bird
hr_ugrabiti en_grab
en_pinch hr_dodirnuti
en_discover hr_pronaći
hr_slon en_mammal
en_bagel hr_hrana
hr_milosrđe en_kindness
hr_pozicija en_location
en_leather hr_materijal
en_weed hr_otrov
hr_kralj en_leader
hr_stvorenje en_wolf
en_ruby hr_dragulj
en_mussel hr_plodovi_mora
en_depart hr_stići
hr_želja en_attack
en_charm hr_privlačnost
hr_strijela en_wound
en_debate hr_razgovor
en_pizza hr_hrana
hr_kobra en_snake
en_trumpet hr_instrument
hr_zavoj en_superstition
en_elephant hr_predavanje
hr_rubin en_jewel
en_operation hr_duh
en_shadow hr_svjetlo
en_baseball hr_sport
en_peach hr_kruška
hr_savjet en_suggestion
en_carpenter hr_radnik
en_delay hr_žuriti
en_popcorn hr_hrana
en_pain hr_simptom
en_motorcycle hr_vozilo
hr_klub en_organization
en_meatball hr_hrana
hr_mačka en_appearance
en_wrestling hr_sport
hr_špic en_pencil
en_guide hr_knjiga
en_wipe hr_uloviti
hr_novine en_officer
hr_jecati en_cry
en_clarify hr_objasniti
en_saw hr_alat
hr_uređaj en_washer
en_science hr_geologija
hr_krađa en_crime
en_decompose hr_raspadati_se
hr_dopustiti en_attach
en_panther hr_mačka
hr_aritmetika en_trigonometry
hr_grašak en_food
hr_uređaj en_spine
hr_sirena en_signal
en_club hr_skupina
en_seal hr_sisavac
hr_rak en_seafood
hr_ekipa en_team
hr_svila en_fabric
en_dagger hr_oružje
en_recliner hr_sjedalo
hr_trezor en_chamber
en_mushroom hr_hrana
en_blame hr_piti
en_ascend hr_napustiti
hr_dinstati en_cook
en_testify hr_reći
hr_kit en_mammal
hr_policajac en_officer
en_calculus hr_salata
hr_bog en_being
en_feather hr_ptica
hr_školjka en_food
hr_ovratnik en_neck
hr_povrće en_tomato
en_tow hr_reći
hr_vilica en_fashion
hr_bubnuti en_grind
hr_mir en_war
hr_pizza en_food
hr_devet en_number
hr_skalpel en_tool
hr_riža en_food
hr_sok en_liquid
hr_životinja en_rat
en_god hr_biće
hr_almanah en_book
hr_zatvaranje en_finish
en_liver hr_biolog
hr_geologija en_study
hr_poniziti en_hurt
en_television hr_medij
hr_sestrinstvo en_organization
en_painting hr_perilica
hr_krava en_animal
en_bugle hr_instrument
en_fraud hr_obmana
en_reptile hr_životinja
en_blame hr_optužiti
en_doll hr_igračka
hr_ružičasta en_purple
en_competition hr_utrka
hr_mandarina en_nucleus
en_medication hr_saksofon
en_cricket hr_sport
hr_grgeč en_fish
hr_šljiva en_pear
hr_umakati en_dip
en_rubber hr_materijal
en_machine hr_začin
hr_odbojka en_activity
en_beverage hr_pivo
hr_smišljati en_plan
en_feeling hr_empatija
en_leopard hr_tigar
hr_odlutati en_move
hr_zob en_food
en_courage hr_hrabrost
hr_pretvarati_se en_dunk
hr_razlagati_se en_decay
en_antler hr_rog
en_help hr_dodati
en_clam hr_hrana
hr_mačka en_mammal
hr_stopa en_measure
en_casket hr_kovčeg
en_liver hr_srce
en_line hr_mast
hr_lijes en_coffin
hr_neprijatelj en_opponent
en_heart hr_intelekt
hr_majoneza en_food
en_ape hr_sisavac
hr_piramida en_shape
en_dishwasher hr_uređaj
en_kingdom hr_teritorij
en_fruit hr_trešnja
hr_tama en_light
en_beverage hr_tonik
en_tenor hr_pjevač
hr_projekt en_element
hr_fokus en_attention
hr_materijal en_nylon
hr_baklja en_light
hr_kraljevstvo en_territory
hr_pivo en_beverage
en_mole hr_životinja
en_closing hr_kraj
en_cat hr_izgled
hr_oduzeti en_multiply
en_funeral hr_ceremonija
hr_obrazovanje en_empire
hr_drvo en_plant
hr_automobil en_limousine
en_school hr_obrazovanje
hr_pokazati en_unite
en_ear hr_glava
en_pea hr_hrana
en_darkness hr_svjetlo
en_penguin hr_životinja
en_ham hr_meso
en_chain hr_zavoj
hr_čitatelj en_person
en_seal hr_zmaj
en_orchid hr_biljka
en_army hr_demokracija
hr_kriviti en_put
en_flashlight hr_agencija
hr_tanjur en_spoon
en_chair hr_namještaj
hr_zapreka en_impediment
en_monkey hr_humor
en_calf hr_životinja
hr_alatka en_tool
hr_porcija en_amount
hr_raspršiti en_separate
hr_unca en_measure
hr_kći en_child
hr_točka en_needle
en_animal hr_janje
hr_rakun en_animal
en_point hr_mač
hr_komora en_fairytale
en_cobra hr_zmija
en_liquid hr_tvar
hr_pluća en_organ
hr_plast en_pile
en_conversation hr_komunikacija
en_employment hr_posao
hr_škola en_education
hr_graf en_chart
en_pavement hr_površina
hr_kredit en_blackberry
en_peanut hr_indijski_oraščić
hr_buba en_insect
en_meaning hr_besmislica
en_dolphin hr_kisik
hr_biljka en_turnip
hr_dobiti en_burst
hr_antilop en_material
hr_rov en_ditch
hr_aroma en_scent
hr_užina en_food
en_river hr_gospodar
en_boy hr_dijete
en_drum hr_instrument
en_cauliflower hr_hrana
en_eagle hr_ptica
en_decay hr_propadati
hr_okriviti en_accuse
en_restore hr_pauzirati
en_disease hr_karcinom
en_tennis hr_rekreacija
en_night hr_dan
en_detach hr_pričvrstiti
hr_manjina en_toilet
hr_košulja en_microscope
hr_pomaknuti en_stay
hr_dan en_week
hr_prijedlog en_idea
en_chess hr_igra
en_squad hr_tim
hr_flanel en_material
en_safety hr_opasnost
hr_eruptirati en_explode
hr_razbojnik en_darkness
en_ring hr_nakit
hr_sport en_ax
hr_sisavac en_dolphin
en_soda hr_piće
en_duck hr_životinja
en_lot hr_količina
en_gravy hr_sos
hr_osjećaj en_empathy
en_gull hr_ptica
hr_buha en_insect
en_waitress hr_poslužiteljica
hr_zadatak en_homework
en_wing hr_šišmiš
hr_leksikon en_book
en_runner hr_atletičar
hr_skulptura en_drawing
hr_majka en_female
hr_keks en_food
en_whale hr_kriket
en_sorrow hr_radost
hr_stolar en_worker
en_cone hr_oblik
hr_palac en_foot
hr_balerina en_dancer
en_ecstasy hr_osjećaj
en_shelf hr_ormar
en_advance hr_uzeti
en_comma hr_interpunkcija
en_fluid hr_tipkovnica
hr_koljač en_killer
en_sport hr_aktivnost
en_trunk hr_slon
hr_radost en_sorrow
hr_čovjek en_primate
hr_ljubav en_feeling
en_gravity hr_sila
hr_dodati en_subtract
en_blossom hr_klokan
en_repentance hr_žaljenje
hr_obmana en_fraud
en_grasp hr_krckati
hr_uređaj en_oven
en_divide hr_dodati
en_differ hr_složiti_se
hr_značenje en_liberty
en_decade hr_doba
hr_žudjeti en_desire
en_sketch hr_crtež
hr_svjetiljka en_table
en_rim hr_kotač
hr_arhitektura en_water
hr_pokret en_action
en_spy hr_agent
en_knee hr_zglob
en_robber hr_tama
hr_zahod en_communication
en_six hr_sedam
en_doe hr_životinja
