sq_formulë en_baker
en_proof sq_provë
en_gravity sq_forcë
sq_komitet en_group
en_bugle sq_instrument
en_banjo sq_instrument
en_swallow sq_shes
en_motorcycle sq_automjet
sq_pjatë en_food
sq_lejoj en_attach
sq_dhimbje_koke en_pain
sq_darkë en_drawer
en_analyze sq_shpërdoroj
sq_armik en_opponent
en_coffee sq_qumësht
en_instrument sq_trombë
sq_elefant en_mammal
en_feature sq_fytyrë
en_dime sq_nikel
en_death sq_fund
en_stool sq_tualet
en_pedal sq_biçikletë
sq_eja en_leave
en_penny sq_monedhë
en_vehicle sq_motoçikletë
en_orchid sq_lule
sq_udhëtim en_journey
sq_zbuloj en_find
sq_përfundim en_beginning
sq_barrakuda en_fish
en_reach sq_ndërtoj
en_duck sq_kafshë
en_plate sq_lugë
sq_mikroskop en_telescope
en_headache sq_dhimbje
sq_fajësoj en_put
sq_kumbull_e_thatë en_fruit
sq_ujk en_animal
en_hammer sq_kancer
en_encyclopedia sq_libër
sq_majdanoz en_sage
en_detach sq_bashkangjit
en_north sq_drejtim
sq_piktor en_artist
en_appliance sq_pjatalarëse
sq_armëpushim en_peace
sq_pije_me_gaz en_beverage
en_bagel sq_ushqim
sq_viç en_animal
sq_birucë en_castle
en_goal sq_daltë
sq_fëmijë en_daughter
sq_raketboll en_sport
sq_mjet en_shovel
en_softball sq_futboll
en_trombone sq_instrument
sq_mi en_rodent
sq_qafë en_stream
en_sirloin sq_mish
en_traitor sq_hajdut
sq_xhaz en_music
en_summit sq_majë
sq_gjarpër en_weakness
sq_biskotë en_food
en_add sq_shumëzoj
sq_tigan en_pan
sq_kundërshtar en_chorus
en_fish sq_valvul
sq_krokodil en_animal
sq_ujëvarë en_tennis
en_cat sq_gjitar
en_calculus sq_marule
en_crab sq_kafshë
sq_gjitar en_cat
en_cape sq_mantel
sq_arkitekturë en_water
sq_zvarranik en_animal
en_amateur sq_zotërim
en_drawer sq_tryezë_shkrimi
sq_petull en_food
en_wed sq_martohem
en_hen sq_pulë
sq_rrymë en_line
sq_gatuaj en_stew
sq_autostradë en_road
en_celery sq_marule
sq_kafshë en_elephant
sq_dorashka_pa_gishta en_glove
sq_gorillë en_ape
en_mosquito sq_insekt
sq_bar en_marrow
sq_kufomë en_body
sq_lëkund en_set
sq_kokë en_pin
sq_jug en_direction
en_tangerine sq_bërthamë
sq_poet en_writer
en_aim sq_synoj
sq_varfëri en_discipline
en_succeed sq_dështoj
sq_portokall en_fruit
en_sibling sq_familje
sq_gushëkuq en_bird
en_spy sq_agjent
en_strawberry sq_ushqim
en_nightmare sq_ëndërr
en_stool sq_fillim
en_head sq_gjilpërë
sq_i_ulur en_standing
en_wine sq_hardhi
en_marriage sq_gjilpërë
en_tractor sq_automjet
sq_qen en_animal
sq_frigorifer en_appliance
sq_konkurs en_calculator
sq_trung en_oasis
sq_formë en_sphere
sq_gjashtë en_seven
sq_pije en_beer
en_clerk sq_punëtor
en_queen sq_dush
sq_softboll en_football
sq_lidhëse en_shoe
sq_zinxhir en_bucket
en_nine sq_numër
sq_frigorifer en_ball
en_algebra sq_matematikë
sq_krem_karamel en_food
en_ruby sq_xhevahir
sq_ngjitje en_descent
en_octopus sq_krijesë
sq_pirun en_fashion
sq_mjekim en_saxophone
en_tree sq_bimë
en_sorrow sq_hare
sq_fuqi en_clay
sq_punonjës en_worker
sq_gulçoj en_crunch
en_leopard sq_tigër
sq_lopatë en_tool
sq_virtyt en_quality
sq_formë en_triangle
sq_limuzinë en_vehicle
en_tool sq_lopatë
sq_darkë en_dinosaur
sq_provë en_evidence
en_chair sq_mobilje
en_elm sq_lisi
sq_pasuri en_poverty
en_glance sq_shikoj
en_olive sq_turshi
en_nylon sq_material
sq_qengj en_animal
sq_kuletë en_waiter
sq_udhëheqje en_layer
en_shake sq_fundos
sq_gjerësi en_height
en_heel sq_kofshë
sq_martohem_me en_marry
sq_produkt en_harbor
en_runner sq_atlet
sq_pashkë en_holiday
sq_rum en_alcohol
sq_trekëndësh en_shape
en_piano sq_instrument
sq_rakun en_animal
en_father sq_nënë
sq_mbledh en_spin
sq_ngjyrë_gështenjë en_color
en_horn sq_dem
sq_dhomë en_fairytale
en_puppy sq_kafshë
en_son sq_bijë
en_wing sq_lëkurë
en_present sq_e_ardhme
en_north sq_jug
sq_jupiteri en_pluto
en_twelve sq_numër
sq_sulmoj en_remove
en_pollution sq_varkë
sq_kungull en_meaning
en_pine sq_pemë
sq_argjend en_metal
en_war sq_anatomi
en_worker sq_marangoz
sq_troftë en_fish
en_skyscraper sq_ndërtesë
en_symptom sq_dhimbje
sq_pikturë en_washer
sq_çekiç en_tool
en_snake sq_dobësi
sq_shah en_game
en_hypothesis sq_ide
sq_bërthamë en_cell
en_foe sq_kundërshtar
en_compute sq_llogaris
en_screwdriver sq_çekiç
sq_shtëpi en_palace
sq_notoj en_run
en_newspaper sq_oficer
sq_fruta en_cherry
en_pie sq_ushqim
sq_kamion en_vehicle
en_herd sq_grup
sq_burri en_snake
en_add sq_zbres
sq_mangustë en_animal
sq_zemër en_intellect
sq_kafshë en_lamb
en_head sq_shigjetë
sq_bimë en_turnip
en_wife sq_art
sq_pulë en_food
en_pony sq_kalë
sq_pije en_soda
en_chamber sq_përrallë
sq_hare en_sorrow
sq_qofte en_food
en_nylon sq_pambuk
en_football sq_basketboll
sq_bri en_goat
sq_birrë en_liquid
sq_larës en_cleaner
sq_kaktus en_plant
en_shovel sq_kovë
en_sunrise sq_perëndim
sq_mundje en_sport
en_girl sq_person
en_jug sq_enë
en_animal sq_rosë
en_era sq_kohë
sq_mashtrim en_fraud
sq_pemë en_plant
en_lace sq_këpucë
en_rainbow sq_qiell
sq_lopë_deti en_mammal
sq_pulëbardhë en_bird
en_hero sq_shejtan
sq_hedh_një_shikim en_look
sq_tortë en_food
sq_makinë en_limousine
sq_kaçavidë en_tool
en_author sq_krijues
en_swing sq_vendos
en_hair sq_gjitar
sq_bri_dreri en_deer
sq_konflikt en_disagreement
en_building sq_katedrale
en_monster sq_bishë
en_rectangle sq_formë
en_alligator sq_kafshë
sq_patate en_tomato
sq_armik en_crocodile
en_cathedral sq_ndërtesë
sq_kërmill en_animal
en_waterfall sq_tenis
sq_vrapues en_athlete
en_furniture sq_karrige
en_rape sq_krim
sq_birrë en_beverage
sq_zbritje en_addition
en_dove sq_zog
sq_armik en_adversary
en_girl sq_djalë
en_feather sq_zog
sq_partner en_marriage
en_cricket sq_sport
en_sit sq_shtrihem
sq_mëlçi en_biologist
en_shoulder sq_bërryl
sq_princ en_royalty
sq_foto en_television
sq_mësoj en_judge
en_arithmetic sq_matematikë
en_seal sq_gjitar
en_county sq_shtet
sq_vjeshtë en_season
en_ivy sq_bimë
en_cradle sq_krevat_fëmijësh
en_banana sq_fruta
en_earring sq_stoli
en_wife sq_unazë
en_potato sq_perim
en_oak sq_pishë
en_disagreement sq_konflikt
en_twilight sq_pasuri
en_education sq_perandori
sq_sirtar en_bureau
sq_kënaqësi en_pain
sq_kanarinë en_feather
en_protein sq_qumësht
en_mob sq_grup
sq_gjuhë en_mouth
sq_mama en_parent
sq_pishe en_tree
sq_gjel_deti en_bird
sq_ndaloj en_begin
en_person sq_mysafir
sq_vrasës en_murderer
en_diamond sq_margaritar
sq_tund en_sink
en_cancer sq_sëmundje
en_gauge sq_trotuar
sq_këmbëz en_gun
en_ankle sq_nyje
en_rabbit sq_kafshë
sq_fasule en_food
sq_zjarr en_water
en_death sq_lindje
en_almond sq_kikirik
en_hearing sq_pamje
sq_mbaj en_hamper
sq_përshtypje en_avenue
en_bedroom sq_shtëpi
sq_pistoletë en_gun
sq_oxhak en_swan
sq_aligator en_animal
sq_kokërr en_cherry
en_instrument sq_bastub
sq_pranoj en_ignore
sq_vathë en_ring
en_six sq_shtatë
sq_futboll en_basketball
sq_shtoj en_subtract
sq_kafshë en_duck
sq_ekuipazh en_group
sq_ulliri en_pickle
sq_material en_rubber
sq_kungull en_vegetable
en_appliance sq_larës
sq_flaut en_instrument
en_destiny sq_marinar
en_pea sq_perim
sq_mashkull en_female
en_wolf sq_kafshë
en_wall sq_dhomë
en_science sq_gjeologji
sq_papunësi en_employment
en_symptom sq_sëmundje
en_build sq_shkatërroj
sq_errësirë en_flannel
en_diary sq_ditar
sq_i_burgosur en_convict
en_president sq_udhëheqës
en_cheese sq_gjalpë
en_wife sq_grua
sq_banjë en_communication
sq_tragjedi en_comedy
en_trunk sq_makinë
sq_proshutë en_food
sq_peshk en_bass
sq_migrenë en_headache
sq_mërzit en_count
en_peace sq_luftë
en_adverb sq_emër
sq_burrë en_spouse
en_scribble sq_shkruaj
en_tangerine sq_fruta
en_lily sq_bimë
en_murderer sq_vrasës
sq_shtrat en_bedroom
sq_drekë en_breakfast
en_renounce sq_tundem
en_meaning sq_marrëzi
sq_konkurs en_contest
en_jaw sq_fytyrë
en_pudding sq_ëmbëlsirë
en_zipper sq_pantallona
sq_këmishë en_microscope
sq_murgeshë en_softball
sq_oksigjen en_water
en_squad sq_grup
en_rearrange sq_organizoj
sq_verë en_grape
en_corpse sq_fron
sq_proshutë en_meat
en_migraine sq_dhimbje
sq_lëkurë en_material
en_mistake sq_sundimtar
sq_qesh en_cry
sq_shkëlqej en_shine
sq_pikturë en_image
en_music sq_tingull
en_foe sq_armik
en_jeep sq_automjet
sq_qershi en_grape
sq_mur en_department
en_cherry sq_pemë
sq_nomad en_person
en_tongue sq_fyt
sq_ndotje en_boat
sq_përçaj en_obtain
en_banquet sq_festë
en_grasshopper sq_bulkth
en_rat sq_kafshë
en_rear sq_fasadë
sq_bori en_instrument
en_recycle sq_shpërdoroj
sq_rreth en_shape
sq_vëzhgoj en_glance
sq_gjitar en_animal
en_letter sq_simbol
sq_acid en_shell
en_instrument sq_piano
sq_kaçavidë en_hammer
en_accelerate sq_pranoj
en_back sq_përpara
sq_zorrë en_liver
en_note sq_shoqëri_studentore
en_pea sq_ushqim
sq_kafshë en_container
en_bracelet sq_varëse
en_silver sq_metal
en_joker sq_letër
sq_kundërshtar en_adversary
en_flu sq_sëmundje
en_kitchen sq_dhomë_gjumi
en_darkness sq_fanellatë
en_pork sq_mish
sq_ndërtesë en_cathedral
en_tusk sq_detyrë
en_kid sq_prind
en_helmet sq_xhep
en_golf sq_lojë
en_monkey sq_humor
en_celery sq_ushqim
en_glove sq_dorashka_pa_gishta
en_sword sq_armë
sq_matës en_sidewalk
en_subtract sq_shumëzoj
sq_fitimtar en_loser
sq_nëpunës en_worker
sq_kimist en_scientist
en_oxygen sq_ujë
en_wife sq_burri
en_asia sq_afrikë
en_bread sq_futboll
sq_gëlltitem en_swallow
sq_llogaris en_calculate
en_look sq_zgjas
sq_princ en_captain
en_divide sq_shtoj
en_copper sq_portofol
en_fiddle sq_instrument
en_volleyball sq_lojë
en_violin sq_instrument
sq_stoli en_earring
sq_spiun en_agent
en_wait sq_kap
sq_përkrenare en_pocket
sq_kredi en_blackberry
sq_balenë en_cave
en_swimmer sq_vrapues
en_scalpel sq_mjet
en_buggy sq_automjet
sq_lagje en_area
en_crib sq_trajtim
en_tissue sq_vakt
en_barracuda sq_peshk
en_deny sq_harroj
en_egg sq_qumësht
sq_kryetar en_leader
en_learn sq_gjykoj
sq_letër en_material
sq_aromë en_sleeve
sq_telefon en_device
en_weapon sq_shpatë
sq_oboe en_instrument
sq_gazetë en_officer
sq_supë en_food
en_animal sq_qengj
sq_këpurdhë en_monster
sq_vesh en_employee
sq_tru en_motion
sq_përplasem en_grind
sq_mjekër en_goat
en_robber sq_errësirë
en_enemy sq_krokodil
sq_kuvertë en_ship
sq_ilaç en_cause
en_club sq_organizatë
en_horse sq_gjitar
en_detergent sq_pastrues
en_amateur sq_parajsë
en_day sq_javë
sq_dinozaur en_animal
sq_sfurk en_mixture
sq_kyçi_i_dorës en_arm
sq_byrek en_food
en_lamp sq_tavolinë
sq_person en_nomad
sq_deve en_animal
sq_violinë en_instrument
sq_shtambë en_container
sq_ndaloj en_disallow
sq_flas_nën_zë en_whistle
sq_gisht_këmbe en_foot
sq_bejsboll en_sport
sq_mbretëreshë en_shower
sq_kockë en_jaw
en_armor sq_papafingo
en_leather sq_material
en_set sq_lëkund
sq_drejtkëndësh en_square
en_pepper sq_kripë
en_tenor sq_këngëtar
sq_qëllim en_chisel
en_head sq_këmbë
sq_mur en_room
en_touch sq_pickoj
en_kangaroo sq_kafshë
sq_banjë en_alligator
sq_lepur en_animal
sq_nyje en_elbow
sq_rubin en_jewel
en_egg sq_arkitekturë
sq_stafi en_school
en_toss sq_hedh
sq_pajisje en_oven
en_bread sq_ushqim
en_camera sq_anatomi
sq_noçkë en_elephant
en_shrub sq_shkurre
sq_pikëllim en_father
sq_muaj en_year
sq_nënë en_female
sq_kupë en_container
sq_libër en_atlas
en_dungeon sq_kështjellë
sq_bërtas en_speak
en_macaroni sq_ushqim
sq_kangur en_animal
sq_makinë en_vehicle
en_leg sq_krah
sq_emër en_adjective
en_pitchfork sq_mjet
en_horn sq_dhi
en_oat sq_drithra
sq_qumësht en_liquid
en_thumb sq_gisht
en_peach sq_dardhë
en_cat sq_kafshë
sq_vetull en_face
sq_blu en_color
en_fairytale sq_histori
sq_shkronjë en_symbol
en_chimney sq_mjellmë
sq_daulle en_instrument
sq_tenor en_singer
en_week sq_muaj
en_plot sq_plan
en_radish sq_karotë
sq_diamant en_pearl
en_sickle sq_mjet
sq_përrallë en_story
en_person sq_arkëtar
sq_universitet en_school
sq_milingonë en_insect
sq_hajdut en_sickness
en_neck sq_rrymë
en_beg sq_pi_me_gllënka
en_squash sq_perim
sq_krater en_volcano
en_ham sq_ushqim
sq_kirurg en_doctor
en_promise sq_ngjis
sq_kasap en_baker
sq_lisi en_wood
sq_mjellmë en_trip
en_educate sq_mësoj
en_substance sq_ujë
sq_fjalor en_book
en_nitrogen sq_oksigjen
en_dinosaur sq_kafshë
sq_pallto en_fireplace
sq_rosë en_animal
sq_përbindësh en_beast
sq_lis en_necklace
sq_kaçavidë en_ghost
en_hundred sq_numër
sq_aparat_fotografik en_anatomy
sq_errësirë en_light
sq_mace en_animal
sq_fokë en_animal
en_trunk sq_oazë
en_oboe sq_instrument
sq_buding en_dessert
en_rabbit sq_sinagogë
sq_lejlek en_bird
en_panther sq_mace
sq_enciklopedi en_book
en_front sq_i_pasëm
en_seal sq_balonë
en_bone sq_nofull
sq_marr en_obtain
en_vault sq_kulm
sq_ndajfolje en_word
sq_lopë en_animal
en_hatchet sq_mjet
en_zucchini sq_ushqim
sq_pëlhurë en_cotton
sq_paqe en_war
en_shirt sq_mikroskop
sq_taifun en_storm
en_heel sq_këmbë
sq_matematikë en_domain
en_daughter sq_bir
sq_thua en_toe
en_lipstick sq_klasë
en_lobby sq_ndërtesë
sq_kafe en_milk
sq_selino en_food
en_pleasure sq_dhimbje
sq_tradhtar en_thief
sq_kaçavidë en_nail
en_spouse sq_partner
sq_spatul en_utensil
sq_ndërtoj en_break
sq_leopard en_tiger
sq_ankth en_feeling
sq_krah en_bird
sq_gjarpër en_animal
en_whale sq_gjitar
sq_flutur en_insect
sq_lime en_fruit
sq_skuadër en_group
sq_byzylyk en_necklace
en_proprietor sq_person
en_competence sq_luftë
sq_muzg en_wealth
sq_hallë en_planet
sq_ibrik en_container
en_soda sq_lëng
en_credit sq_manaferrë
sq_mëngjes en_intelligence
sq_morr en_bug
en_fail sq_funksionoj
en_strawberry sq_boronicë
en_snack sq_vakt
en_accept sq_rikthej
en_hold sq_pengoj
sq_skuadër en_team
sq_opinion en_thought
en_tool sq_kaçavidë
en_hockey sq_fjali
sq_emocion en_feeling
sq_vonohem en_hurry
sq_vajze en_boy
en_helmet sq_mbrojtje
en_sister sq_shoqëri__vajzash
en_butterfly sq_insekt
sq_shikoj en_stretch
en_nun sq_softball
en_highway sq_rrugë
en_look sq_shikoj
sq_mbret en_leader
sq_bisht en_water
sq_ushqej en_starve
sq_banket en_party
en_point sq_gjilpërë
sq_pronar en_person
en_coat sq_fireplace
sq_rrogë en_wage
sq_qetësoj en_comfort
sq_veri en_south
en_green sq_blu
sq_rrush en_food
sq_hedh en_annoy
en_fabric sq_pambuk
sq_sharrë en_tool
en_heel sq_çizme
sq_bijë en_female
en_silk sq_pambuk
sq_rimel en_lipstick
sq_të_dhëna en_information
en_avenue sq_rrugë
sq_flas en_knock
en_ax sq_vegël
sq_punëtor en_mechanic
sq_përgjigje en_question
sq_llambë en_table
en_winter sq_verë
sq_zemëroj en_spend
sq_kalë en_team
en_dinner sq_sirtar
sq_thembër en_thigh
en_mother sq_femër
sq_makineri en_spice
sq_lejoj en_return
sq_gabim en_ruler
sq_shumë en_quantity
en_water sq_pellg
sq_çekan en_tool
sq_instrument en_trumpet
sq_shpërthim en_explosion
sq_gojë en_universe
sq_pajisje en_dishwasher
en_flower sq_ofendim
en_sketch sq_vizatim
sq_mullar_bari en_pile
sq_djalë en_kid
sq_bri en_bull
sq_grua en_husband
en_copper sq_bronz
sq_burg en_jail
sq_e_gjelbër en_blue
en_worker sq_mekanik
en_opinion sq_mendim
en_professional sq_amator
en_groom sq_dasmë
sq_kockë en_tissue
sq_kuletë en_bowl
en_religion sq_besim
en_nose sq_fytyrë
en_material sq_najloni
sq_dinozaur en_creature
sq_tra_ en_support
sq_ujëvarë en_river
sq_rrugicë en_road
en_bed sq_mobilje
sq_kungull en_food
sq_notoj en_sink
en_universe sq_botë
en_contract sq_marrëveshje
en_lodge sq_shtëpi
sq_vegël en_tool
sq_katedrale en_building
en_psychology sq_shkencë
sq_limit en_boundary
en_lingerie sq_të_brendshme
sq_çadër en_ice
sq_hipotezë en_pool
en_burglar sq_hajdut
en_veal sq_mish
sq_ndaloj en_smear
en_speak sq_trokas
en_canary sq_zog
sq_bimë en_animal
sq_gisht en_glove
sq_piper en_salt
en_move sq_qëndroj
sq_grip en_sickness
en_appear sq_ndodh
en_differ sq_bie_dakord
sq_mbrojtje en_helmet
sq_darkë en_meal
sq_jug en_north
en_backpack sq_kuletë
en_technician sq_punëtor
sq_snack en_meal
en_meter sq_njësi
sq_fat en_sailor
sq_majmun en_humor
en_flip sq_mbroj
en_cod sq_peshk
en_wealth sq_varfëri
sq_kyçi_i_këmbës en_joint
sq_ndershmëri en_worker
sq_edukoj en_teach
sq_parakolp en_car
en_haystack sq_grumbull
en_happiness sq_emocion
en_four sq_dy
sq_shtoj en_multiply
en_pardon sq_bind
sq_grup en_group
sq_pistoletë en_weapon
sq_copëz en_piece
sq_birrë en_alcohol
en_sorority sq_organizatë
sq_mosmarrëveshje en_conflict
sq_tenor en_loser
en_police sq_autoritet
en_plant sq_kafshë
en_noun sq_folje
sq_elektrik_ en_agency
sq_pinguin en_animal
sq_jetë en_existence
en_cavern sq_shpellë
en_beat sq_mposht
en_opponent sq_kor
en_alligator sq_zvarranik
sq_shkencë en_geology
en_turkey sq_zog
en_orchid sq_bimë
en_brain sq_lëvizje
sq_kanabis en_plant
en_glow sq_shndrit
sq_argjend en_gold
en_friend sq_armik
en_twelve sq_duzinë
en_metal sq_shoqëri
sq_javë en_month
en_shell sq_breshkë
sq_shërbim en_mistake
en_elevator sq_ndërtesë
en_fox sq_kafshë
en_mouse sq_brejtës
en_elephant sq_oficer
en_vow sq_premtim
sq_bakër en_bronze
sq_astronomi en_science
sq_gaz en_car
sq_derë en_entrance
sq_mbaj en_give
sq_drenushë en_animal
en_canoe sq_varkë
sq_hundë en_face
sq_lajme en_information
sq_hedh en_throw
sq_ujë en_liquid
sq_bori en_car
sq_bashkëshort en_mate
en_safety sq_rrezik
sq_gjitar en_dolphin
sq_çekiç en_cancer
en_assignment sq_detyrë
en_blue sq_ngjyrë
sq_balenë en_mammal
en_duty sq_detyrim
sq_rreze en_beam
en_observe sq_nxihem
sq_çatall en_duty
sq_limon en_fruit
en_architecture sq_ujë
en_mother sq_baba
en_formula sq_furrtar
en_rifle sq_armë
sq_vrapoj en_jump
sq_hokej en_sentence
sq_stol en_toilet
en_machine sq_erëz
sq_bulevard en_road
sq_orkide en_plant
sq_majmun en_mammal
en_painting sq_larës
en_weapon sq_kamë
sq_performoj en_talk
en_racquetball sq_sport
sq_lëng en_water
en_ascent sq_zbritje
sq_kalë_i_vogël en_horse
sq_shigjetë en_wound
en_shrimp sq_ushqim_deti
en_beer sq_lëng
en_hammer sq_mjet
sq_njëqind en_number
en_unemployment sq_punësim
en_bottle sq_enë
en_operation sq_shpirt
sq_gjel_deti en_meat
en_four sq_numër
sq_javë en_beginning
en_news sq_informacion
sq_ind en_bridge
en_jar sq_enë
sq_panterë en_cat
en_gain sq_nxitoj
en_shrub sq_bimë
sq_tërheq en_tell
en_car sq_tren
sq_skuqem en_tan
en_oak sq_dru
en_jealousy sq_ndjenje
sq_trombë en_instrument
sq_mace en_mammal
sq_shtëpizë en_home
sq_qershi en_fruit
sq_faj en_feeling
en_street sq_karkalec
sq_bashkëshorte en_art
sq_ndajfolje en_noun
sq_kor en_group
sq_analizoj en_waste
en_project sq_element
sq_mish_derri en_meat
en_whale sq_shpellë
sq_dëshirë en_attack
en_mascara sq_buzëkuq
sq_ricikloj en_waste
sq_rosë en_bird
en_tongue sq_gojë
sq_dashuri en_feeling
en_driver sq_bri
en_gauze sq_fashë
en_hamburger sq_ushqim
sq_garë en_competition
sq_liker en_gin
sq_lëvizje en_motion
en_hitchhike sq_thërras
en_chemist sq_shkencëtar
sq_pranoj en_deny
sq_folës en_hell
sq_komandant en_leader
en_morning sq_inteligjencë
en_person sq_nomad
en_bump sq_bluaj
sq_ushtri en_democracy
sq_kirurgji en_vacation
sq_hero en_villain
en_otter sq_kafshë
sq_zinxhir en_pants
en_spoon sq_pirun
en_king sq_sundimtar
en_carrot sq_ushqim
sq_turshi en_food
en_bridge sq_kryqëzim
en_employee sq_punëdhënës
en_charity sq_mirësi
en_wall sq_departament
sq_mit en_fiction
sq_mish_viçi en_meat
sq_të_brendshme_femrash en_underwear
en_point sq_laps
sq_gallon en_pint
en_clerk sq_person
en_restore sq_thyej
sq_piano en_instrument
en_baseball sq_futboll
sq_patok en_biology
sq_valvul en_heart
sq_i_rritur en_child
en_animal sq_elefant
en_flesh sq_njeri
sq_fokë en_mammal
en_admit sq_mohoj
sq_pafajësi en_grape
en_anatomy sq_shkencë
sq_lakër en_vegetable
en_morning sq_natë
en_sunset sq_agim
en_penguin sq_kafshë
en_mechanic sq_punëtor
sq_qershi en_tree
sq_lis en_pine
en_crossing sq_breshkë
sq_murg en_adversary
en_delay sq_shfaq
en_destiny sq_rrymë
en_chain sq_biçikletë
sq_papë en_leader
en_fluid sq_ujë
en_king sq_monark
sq_shkurre en_bush
en_six sq_numër
en_harp sq_instrument
en_silk sq_material
en_stink sq_shkarkoj
en_existence sq_të_qenit
sq_guaskë en_turtle
en_help sq_shtoj
en_officer sq_trupor
sq_fazë en_robber
en_jewelry sq_vathë
en_swallow sq_shpërdoroj
sq_qepen en_camera
en_wing sq_aeroplan
sq_mish en_human
en_protein sq_mish
en_meal sq_stilolaps
sq_baltë en_religion
sq_bizele en_food
en_company sq_organizatë
sq_ujë en_fluid
en_noun sq_fjalë
en_pause sq_vrapoj
en_ascend sq_largohem
sq_udhëtoj en_hitchhike
sq_karotë en_food
sq_kënaqësi en_herd
sq_karrige en_furniture
en_pecan sq_arrë
sq_princeshë en_fortune
en_reptile sq_kafshë
sq_sëmundje en_cancer
sq_saturn en_planet
en_hypothesis sq_pishinë
en_wick sq_qiri
sq_llogaris en_deliver
en_jazz sq_muzikë
en_writing sq_poemë
en_conflict sq_mosmarrëveshje
en_divide sq_përftoj
en_crane sq_zog
en_digit sq_numër
sq_punonjës en_employer
sq_tufë en_group
en_truck sq_automjet
sq_lëng en_milk
sq_vidër en_animal
en_hide sq_zhvilloj
sq_dredhkë en_plant
sq_mëlçi en_heart
en_arrow sq_plagë
sq_zinxhir en_bicycle
en_mouse sq_kafshë
sq_pushkë en_gun
en_food sq_salçiçe
sq_rrush en_extremity
en_guilt sq_ndjenje
en_clarify sq_shpjegoj
sq_kushtetutë en_document
sq_virtyt en_landscape
sq_futboll en_sport
en_niece sq_bir
en_ray sq_rreze
sq_dënim en_reward
en_cup sq_enë
en_virtue sq_peizazh
en_destiny sq_veshje
sq_urë en_cross
sq_amator en_possession
en_university sq_shkollë
en_prism sq_formë
en_helium sq_gaz
en_gallon sq_pintë
sq_fasule en_vegetable
sq_fajësoj en_drink
en_chain sq_kovë
en_appliance sq_shpinë
en_airplane sq_top
en_geometry sq_matematikë
en_lot sq_sasi
sq_shfaq en_unite
en_tragedy sq_komedi
en_wrestling sq_sport
en_nephew sq_mbesë
en_protein sq_vezë
en_gulp sq_gëlltis
sq_drapër en_tool
en_feed sq_vdes_urie
en_week sq_vit
sq_dëgjim en_sight
en_science sq_matematikë
en_camel sq_kafshë
sq_kulm en_peak
en_pal sq_shok
sq_poemë en_writing
en_snail sq_guxim
sq_trotuar en_walkway
sq_organ en_kidney
en_butcher sq_furrtar
sq_thembër en_foot
sq_vathë en_jewelry
en_soil sq_dush
sq_pij_një_gllënkë en_drink
sq_qepë en_garlic
sq_zorrë en_stomach
sq_vagon-restorant en_restaurant
sq_stol en_beginning
en_chisel sq_mjet
en_water sq_lëng
en_shape sq_sferë
sq_pulë en_chicken
en_observe sq_ndaloj
en_amateur sq_ekspert
en_chicken sq_ushqim
en_yell sq_flas
sq_nëpunës en_person
en_joint sq_bërryl
sq_azot en_oxygen
sq_balenë en_cricket
sq_buburrec en_insect
en_suede sq_material
en_rib sq_kafshë
en_collect sq_rrotulloj
en_lid sq_sy
sq_pajisje en_spine
sq_kivi en_fruit
sq_pëllumb en_bird
sq_qiellgërvishtës en_building
en_smog sq_arritje
sq_holl en_building
en_depart sq_mbërrij
en_adult sq_fëmijë
en_stop sq_filloj
sq_satani en_devil
sq_kufomë en_throne
en_princess sq_pasuri
en_clam sq_ushqim
sq_fsheh en_hide
en_deception sq_mashtrim
sq_vendos en_swing
sq_pajisje en_washer
sq_turmë en_group
sq_dhëndër en_wedding
sq_kimi en_knife
en_dinosaur sq_krijesë
sq_saturn en_venus
en_seal sq_kafshë
en_lime sq_fruta
sq_shpellë en_cave
sq_minator en_worker
en_man sq_grua
en_adverb sq_fjalë
sq_kompani en_organization
sq_mbesë en_son
sq_person en_cashier
en_custard sq_ushqim
sq_najlon en_cotton
sq_tastierë en_arm
en_happening sq_lino
en_selection sq_zgjedhje
sq_gëlltis en_waste
en_book sq_enciklopedi
en_trip sq_udhëtim
en_symphony sq_muzikë
en_video sq_televizion
sq_instrument en_piano
sq_basketboll en_sport
sq_ndjenje en_ecstasy
sq_proteinë en_milk
en_shovel sq_mjet
sq_brumëra en_food
en_leg sq_karrige
sq_proteinë en_egg
en_limousine sq_automjet
en_food sq_byrek
sq_peshk en_shark
en_automobile sq_automjet
en_back sq_sup
sq_thyej en_explain
sq_ijë en_body
en_tornado sq_stuhi
en_decline sq_pranoj
en_home sq_pallat
sq_lepur en_synagogue
en_victor sq_dështak
en_snake sq_kafshë
sq_këmbë en_plant
sq_aeroplan en_cannon
sq_drekë en_violin
sq_salmon en_fish
sq_kriket en_sport
en_advance sq_marr
en_clove sq_bimë
en_animal sq_enë
sq_mantel en_cloak
en_procedure sq_lot
sq_bejsboll en_game
sq_arsim en_empire
en_instrument sq_kitarë
sq_automjet en_utensil
en_subtraction sq_rezidencë
sq_luleshtrydhe en_fruit
en_sculpture sq_vizatim
sq_qemer en_summit
sq_shkrim en_poem
sq_gaforre en_seafood
en_feeling sq_ekstazë
sq_javë en_year
en_advance sq_tërhiqem
sq_rrymë en_oxygen
sq_karburant en_automobile
en_contract sq_dokument
en_seagull sq_zog
sq_rajon en_partner
en_attack sq_heq
sq_këmbë en_arm
en_deny sq_shtyp
en_stage sq_grabitës
en_rum sq_alkool
en_atmosphere sq_vrases
en_bride sq_mbledhje
en_winner sq_humbës
sq_omëletë en_food
en_wing sq_lakuriq_nate
en_heart sq_intelekt
en_write sq_bisedoj
sq_gjuhe en_communication
en_walrus sq_gjitar
sq_kungull_i_njomë en_food
sq_hamburger en_food
en_clerk sq_njehsim
en_gathering sq_banket
sq_tostier en_appliance
en_prince sq_anëtar_i_familjes_mbretërore
sq_instrument en_tuba
en_commander sq_udhëheqës
sq_pikë en_pencil
en_lunch sq_violinë
en_jack sq_kartë
en_line sq_krem
en_observe sq_shikoj
en_constitution sq_dokument
en_globe sq_sferë
en_grape sq_ushqim
sq_helmetë en_protection
sq_rimorkoj en_pull
en_sidewalk sq_vendkalim
en_language sq_komunikim
sq_buzë en_tongue
sq_bakër en_wallet
sq_ujk en_creature
sq_kalim en_grasshopper
sq_nip en_niece
sq_këmbë en_chair
sq_përzgjedhje en_choice
sq_bukë en_football
en_canary sq_pendë
sq_karkalec en_seafood
sq_algjebër en_math
en_van sq_automjet
sq_gjeologji en_science
sq_rrepkë en_carrot
en_cotton sq_material
sq_zbres en_multiply
sq_drejtor en_supervisor
sq_ushqim en_pie
en_strap sq_sytjena
sq_metal en_society
sq_sanduiç en_food
en_hamburger sq_zog
en_column sq_letër
sq_instrument en_guitar
sq_kitarë en_instrument
sq_saksofon en_instrument
sq_fitim en_loss
en_chalk sq_bojra_dhjami
sq_korno en_instrument
sq_punëtor en_waitress
sq_ylber en_sky
en_periscope sq_nëndetëse
sq_krijesë en_wolf
en_pink sq_vjollcë
en_disease sq_kancer
en_trigger sq_armë
en_creature sq_ujk
en_diamond sq_gur_i_çmuar
sq_skulpturë en_drawing
en_movement sq_lëvizje
en_desire sq_sulm
sq_filxhan en_cup
en_container sq_balonë
sq_shkruaj en_talk
sq_mëndafsh en_material
en_aunt sq_planet
en_hip sq_trup
en_tissue sq_urë
en_coleslaw sq_ushqim
sq_kameriere en_worker
sq_fyt en_neck
sq_e_tashme en_future
sq_shumë en_total
sq_prek en_pinch
sq_sëpatë en_tool
en_service sq_gabim
en_innocence sq_hardhi
sq_vezë en_milk
en_curve sq_supersticion
sq_tokë en_shower
en_comma sq_shenja_pikësimi
sq_motër en_sorority
sq_vezë en_architecture
en_mammal sq_elefant
en_ham sq_mish
sq_baseball en_football
en_square sq_formë
en_spinach sq_perime
sq_pajisje en_refrigerator
sq_ngjyrë_kafe en_green
en_cent sq_dollar
sq_fant en_card
sq_periskop en_submarine
sq_lojë en_chess
sq_kërmill en_courage
sq_bar en_pub
sq_pumë en_cat
en_pyramid sq_formë
sq_golf en_game
sq_verandë en_house
sq_pjesëtoj en_add
sq_pikëllim en_joy
en_mistake sq_gabim
en_steak sq_ushqim
sq_holl en_silk
sq_bir en_daughter
en_mitten sq_doreza
en_chemistry sq_thikë
sq_heq_dorë_ en_shake
en_decay sq_prish
en_calculus sq_trigonometri
en_south sq_drejtim
en_book sq_atlas
sq_operacion en_spirit
en_potato sq_domate
sq_armik en_friend
en_maid sq_shërbyes
en_phone sq_pajisje
en_corpse sq_trup
en_pretend sq_njom
sq_kokë en_foot
sq_lëkurë en_hair
sq_gjuhë en_throat
sq_toger en_courage
en_head sq_trup
en_haze sq_mjegull
sq_gjoks en_turkey
sq_peshkop en_king
sq_sobë en_floor
en_liver sq_biolog
sq_bijë en_son
en_wrist sq_krah
sq_detyre_shtepie en_assignment
sq_pendë en_fleet
en_chairperson sq_udhëheqës
sq_rrugicë en_street
en_tin sq_alumin
en_hawk sq_shqiponjë
en_adjective sq_folje
sq_punëtor en_farmer
en_guilt sq_pafajësi
en_omelet sq_ushqim
en_neighborhood sq_zonë
en_horn sq_makinë
sq_pjatalarëse en_appliance
sq_peshkaqen en_fish
sq_pica en_food
sq_kontratë en_agreement
sq_kallaj en_aluminum
sq_migrenë en_pain
sq_zbritje en_mansion
sq_nisem en_arrive
en_admit sq_blej
en_cherry sq_hardhi
en_shark sq_peshk
en_response sq_pyetje
sq_mbiemër en_word
sq_xhip en_vehicle
en_tow sq_tërheq
en_typhoon sq_stuhi
en_deck sq_anije
en_sculpture sq_art
en_pile sq_mullar_bari
en_cathedral sq_plagosje
en_bride sq_dasmë
en_mushroom sq_këpurdhë
sq_punëtor en_carpenter
sq_person en_guest
sq_mëngjes en_night
sq_sport en_volleyball
sq_rrepë en_plant
sq_dhomë_gjumi en_home
sq_shkurre en_plant
sq_kolonë en_paper
sq_stetoskop en_instrument
en_vehicle sq_kamion
en_group sq_kor
en_seafood sq_midhje
sq_pikturë en_art
sq_harroj en_deny
sq_klub en_organization
sq_marangoz en_worker
en_lobby sq_mëndafsh
sq_karafil en_plant
sq_hokej en_sport
sq_bajame en_peanut
sq_pambuk en_material
en_sport sq_aktivitet
en_weed sq_bimë
sq_tetë en_number
en_flannel sq_material
en_legislature sq_legjion
sq_veshkë en_organ
sq_simptomë en_pain
sq_peshk en_valve
sq_limuzinë en_car
en_pickle sq_ushqim
sq_thembër en_boot
sq_bir en_child
sq_grushtoj en_hit
en_show sq_bashkoj
en_discover sq_gjej
en_sell sq_blej
sq_ndodhi en_linen
sq_emër en_verb
en_penguin sq_zog
en_scalpel sq_kanarinë
en_biscuit sq_qitro
en_soccer sq_sport
en_homework sq_detyrë
en_lip sq_gjuhë
en_hint sq_sugjerim
sq_njeri en_mammal
sq_lakër en_food
en_starboard sq_tualet
sq_nënë en_woman
sq_shpatë en_weapon
sq_volejboll en_sport
en_skyscraper sq_takim
en_fabric sq_mëndafsh
sq_zinxhir en_bandage
sq_këlysh en_animal
sq_pranoj en_buy
sq_makineri en_computer
en_raccoon sq_kafshë
en_blame sq_pi
sq_vajzë en_person
sq_plutoni en_planet
en_migraine sq_dhimbje_koke
en_wing sq_engjëll
sq_perandor en_ruler
sq_ziej en_freeze
en_joy sq_pikëllim
sq_bukë en_food
en_squad sq_ekip
sq_rrokullisem en_defend
sq_autor en_creator
en_mud sq_fe
en_bed sq_dhomë_gjumi
en_chess sq_lojë
sq_parzmore en_attic
en_snake sq_zvarranik
en_emperor sq_sundimtar
en_elephant sq_leksion
en_erode sq_ngacmoj
sq_luleshtrydhe en_blueberry
en_pleasure sq_tufë
sq_prapavijë en_front
sq_shkatërroj en_deteriorate
en_history sq_xhevahir
sq_zotim en_pledge
sq_tërshërë en_cereal
en_physiology sq_studim
en_width sq_lartësi
en_allow sq_bashkangjis
en_cobra sq_gjarpër
en_fork sq_modë
sq_luftë en_conflict
sq_vidhi en_oak
sq_emër en_word
en_virtue sq_cilësi
en_opponent sq_kundërshtar
sq_grup en_choir
sq_atom en_mythology
en_strawberry sq_fruta
sq_siguri en_danger
en_silk sq_pëlhurë
en_sell sq_falenderoj
sq_projekt en_element
en_sport sq_sëpatë
sq_delfin en_mammal
sq_shërbyese en_servant
en_milk sq_gjalpë
sq_shes en_acknowledge
sq_metër en_unit
en_quail sq_kafshë
en_competition sq_garë
sq_salçiçe en_food
sq_njeri en_woman
sq_nofull en_face
en_circle sq_formë
sq_banxho en_instrument
en_follower sq_udhëheqës
en_queen sq_anëtar_i_familjes_mbretërore
sq_vjedhje en_addition
en_salesman sq_person
en_swan sq_udhëtim
sq_gravitet en_force
en_mammal sq_delfin
en_pitcher sq_enë
sq_oktapod en_creature
sq_shifër en_number
sq_kafshë en_mammal
en_mongoose sq_kafshë
en_eye sq_fytyrë
sq_fshij en_catch
en_picture sq_televizion
en_haystack sq_fitues
en_liver sq_organ
sq_adresoj en_stand
sq_trombon en_instrument
sq_fik en_food
sq_kuptim en_liberty
en_purse sq_kamerier
en_unite sq_përçaj
en_paper sq_material
sq_ruaj en_crash
sq_shkarravis en_write
en_square sq_rreth
en_talk sq_komunikoj
en_baseball sq_sport
en_limousine sq_makinë
sq_grup en_legion
en_meaning sq_liri
en_race sq_konkurs
en_keyboard sq_kompjuter
en_staff sq_shkollë
sq_kameriere en_server
sq_largohem en_control
en_protection sq_helmetë
en_remark sq_vras
sq_shqiponjë en_bird
sq_perime en_tomato
en_basketball sq_sport
sq_pjeshkë en_fruit
en_diner sq_restorant
sq_mandarinë en_fruit
en_valve sq_zemër
en_kiwi sq_fruta
sq_peni en_coin
sq_rrokaqiell en_meeting
sq_fitues en_loser
sq_luleshtrydhe en_food
sq_ndjenjë en_jealousy
sq_skuqem en_clarify
sq_qumësht en_butter
sq_tërheq en_push
sq_mbroj en_protect
en_peach sq_frut
sq_titull en_technique
en_wing sq_zog
sq_kanarinë en_bird
sq_numër en_eight
en_insect sq_mushkonjë
sq_fanellatë en_material
en_beer sq_alkool
en_blockade sq_pengesë
en_human sq_enciklopedi
sq_krah en_angel
sq_tërbim en_anger
en_waitress sq_punëtor
sq_ndjekës en_leader
sq_dorezë en_mitten
sq_çantë_shpine en_purse
en_ankle sq_këmbë
sq_perim en_spinach
sq_shes en_buy
en_descend sq_krijoj
en_life sq_ekzistencë
en_poverty sq_disipline
sq_rozë en_purple
sq_përfitoj en_burst
sq_biologji en_science
sq_kërkoj_falje en_persuade
en_month sq_vit
en_saxophone sq_instrument
en_noun sq_mbiemër
en_prohibit sq_nuk_lejoj
sq_nuse en_wedding
sq_notar en_runner
en_lock sq_derë
en_citizen sq_shitës
sq_bllokadë en_barrier
sq_lule en_offense
en_porch sq_shtëpi
sq_kokë en_arrow
en_cherry sq_fruta
sq_bizele en_vegetable
sq_kapak en_eye
en_sorrow sq_baba
sq_mikrovalë en_appliance
en_tenor sq_dështak
sq_lëviz en_stay
en_biology sq_shkencë
en_trout sq_peshk
sq_brinjë en_animal
en_number sq_tetë
sq_krevat_bebesh en_treatment
sq_zero en_number
en_winter sq_stinë
en_sip sq_pi
en_save sq_përplas
sq_mëndafsh en_cotton
en_sport sq_volejboll
sq_krah en_skin
sq_kamosh en_material
sq_vëzhgoj en_watch
en_point sq_shpatë
en_pitcher sq_kapës
sq_majmun en_animal
en_goose sq_gjel_deti_
sq_ndihmoj en_add
sq_hamburger en_bird
en_cabbage sq_ushqim
en_citizen sq_person
sq_hajdut en_crook
sq_gaforre en_animal
en_science sq_anatomi
en_duck sq_zog
en_fire sq_ujë
en_acid sq_guaskë
sq_refuzoj en_accept
en_adjective sq_fjalë
en_princess sq_princ
sq_marrëveshje en_disagreement
sq_pushoj en_run
en_cauliflower sq_brokoli
en_monopoly sq_lojë
sq_fajkua en_eagle
sq_zambak en_plant
sq_ditar en_journal
en_toaster sq_pajisje
sq_llogaritje en_trigonometry
en_door sq_hyrje
en_rhyme sq_darkë
en_disguise sq_fsheh
sq_lundër en_boat
sq_këpurdhë en_fungus
en_subtraction sq_mbledhje
en_skin sq_qime
en_army sq_demokraci
en_gander sq_biologji
sq_teknik en_worker
en_umbrella sq_akull
sq_huazoj en_bother
sq_libër en_encyclopedia
sq_volejboll en_game
en_idol sq_shpatë
sq_delfin en_oxygen
sq_mjet en_screwdriver
en_irritate sq_shpenzoj
en_rubber sq_material
sq_uragan en_storm
en_fluid sq_tastierë
sq_fajësi en_innocence
en_meatball sq_ushqim
en_mattress sq_shtim
en_boulevard sq_rrugë
sq_ushqim_deti en_mussel
sq_kokë en_tail
sq_boronicë en_fruit
en_bouillon sq_ushqim
en_sandwich sq_ushqim
en_dolphin sq_oksigjen
en_toss sq_pushoj
en_employee sq_punëtor
sq_lutem en_sip
en_feeling sq_xhelozi
sq_pretendoj en_dunk
en_chemistry sq_shkencë
sq_simptomë en_orchid
sq_elefant en_animal
sq_performancë en_seat
en_typewriter sq_makineri
en_female sq_byzylyk
sq_kafshë en_message
en_engine sq_tren
en_forget sq_mohoj
sq_komplot en_plan
en_atom sq_mitologji
en_monkey sq_kafshë
sq_përgjigje en_answer
en_dawn sq_muzg
en_cougar sq_mace
en_handbag sq_tas
sq_monopoli en_game
en_toss sq_mërzis
en_impression sq_rrugë
en_worker sq_kameriere
sq_bagazh en_car
en_shutter sq_aparat_fotografik
sq_hardhucë en_animal
sq_lulelakër en_broccoli
sq_rrugë en_leopard
en_absence sq_mjekësi
en_crater sq_vullkan
en_hope sq_dëshpërim
sq_pakicë en_toilet
en_beverage sq_pije_e_gazuar
en_sum sq_total
sq_smog en_achievement
en_travel sq__bëj_autostop
en_prison sq_burg
sq_mund en_defeat
sq_mik en_foe
sq_video en_television
en_caffeine sq_çaj
sq_mandarinë en_nucleus
sq_monedhë_ en_penny
sq_nënë en_father
sq_gjashtë en_number
sq_dhimbje_koke en_symptom
sq_katror en_circle
sq_njehsim en_lettuce
en_kill sq_mbys
sq_mace en_appearance
sq_mushkonjë en_insect
sq_djep en_crib
sq_kumbull en_pear
en_boil sq_ngrij
en_giggle sq_qesh
sq_kyçi_i_këmbës en_leg
en_flashlight sq_agjensi
en_breast sq_gjel_deti_
sq_premtoj en_climb
sq_xhelozi en_feeling
sq_tastierë en_computer
sq_funeral en_ceremony
en_response sq_përgjigje
en_integrity sq_punëtor
sq_këndoj en_perform
en_king sq_udhëheqës
en_killer sq_vrasës
sq_fitil en_candle
en_pluto sq_planet
sq_pikë en_sword
sq_zog en_gander
en_bunch sq_grup
en_horn sq_instrument
en_atlas sq_libër
sq_orkide en_flower
en_come sq_largohu
en_laugh sq_qaj
sq_sirtar en_desk
en_beer sq_pije
en_blackberry sq_fruta
sq_zgërdhihem en_laugh
en_poet sq_shkrimtar
sq_armë en_weapon
en_road sq_bulevard
en_cabbage sq_perime
en_boy sq_fëmijë
en_hockey sq_sport
sq_nuse en_gathering
en_acknowledge sq_injoroj
en_gorilla sq_majmun
sq_vëlla/motër en_family
en_soda sq_pije
sq_detyrë en_obligation
sq_sallatë_me_lakër en_food
en_cotton sq_poliestër
sq_zinxhir en_lock
sq_elefant en_lecture
sq_mungesë en_medicine
en_spatula sq_vegël
sq_vulë en_kite
en_collar sq_qafë
en_eyebrow sq_fytyrë
en_calculate sq_shpërndaj
sq_glob en_sphere
sq_pjeshkë en_pear
sq_qark en_country
en_bourbon sq_alkool
sq_motoçikletë en_vehicle
sq_fiziologji en_study
sq_kikirik en_cashew
en_appliance sq_furrë
sq_baba en_son
sq_kimi en_science
sq_presje en_punctuation
sq_najloni en_material
en_bang sq_zhurmë
en_allow sq_kthej
en_gas sq_makinë
sq_vërej en_slay
sq_aftësi en_war
sq_thua en_finger
sq_spinaq en_vegetable
en_saturn sq_planet
en_airplane sq_avion
sq_qytetar en_salesman
en_mushroom sq_përbindësh
en_intestine sq_mëlçi
sq_poet en_person
en_pastry sq_ushqim
en_symptom sq_orkide
en_fraternity sq_grup
en_zero sq_numër
en_geology sq_shkencë
en_restroom sq_aligator
en_volleyball sq_sport
en_bishop sq_mbret
en_bumper sq_makinë
sq_sport en_ax
en_committee sq_grup
en_lamb sq_kafshë
en_film sq_diell
en_child sq_bijë
en_stream sq_linjë
en_poem sq_shkrim
sq_vëlla en_sister
sq_ushqim en_sausage
sq_qyp en_container
en_lunch sq_mëngjes
sq_granit en_stone
en_disallow sq_njollos
en_squash sq_ushqim
sq_vëzhgoj en_tan
en_grass sq_palcë
sq_ditë en_week
en_ear sq_punonjës
sq_gjevrek en_food
en_break sq_shpjegoj
sq_shkencë en_anatomy
en_accelerate sq_ndërtoj
sq_muzikë en_sound
en_shape sq_prizëm
sq_vdekje en_birth
sq_patë en_bird
sq_punëtor en_mason
en_stethoscope sq_instrument
en_painting sq_art
en_leadership sq_avokat
sq_krah en_airplane
en_earring sq_unazë
en_thief sq_hajdut
sq_kancer en_disease
sq_bashkëshorte en_woman
en_rise sq_bie
sq_djathë en_butter
en_sitting sq_në_këmbë
en_blossom sq_kangur
en_thesaurus sq_libër
en_medication sq_saksofon
en_nomad sq_person
en_orange sq_fruta
sq_ind en_bone
en_juice sq_qumësht
en_wolf sq_krijesë
sq_midhje en_food
sq_krah en_bat
sq_kuzhinë en_bedroom
en_cactus sq_bimë
sq_karkalec en_cricket
en_give sq_marr
en_measure sq_gallon
en_astronomy sq_shkencë
en_borrow sq_mërzis
sq_skulpturë en_art
sq_shkatërroj en_tease
sq_gjarpër en_reptile
sq_princeshë en_prince
en_screwdriver sq_fantazmë
sq_pinguin en_bird
en_data sq_informacion
sq_mbrëmja_e_maturës en_party
sq_kos en_food
sq_shpatull en_elbow
sq_kam_sukses en_fail
en_easter sq_festë
en_onion sq_hudhër
en_bar sq_pijetore
en_dime sq_peni
en_microscope sq_teleskop
sq_procedurë en_tear
en_oven sq_pajisje
sq_e_pëparme en_rear
sq_azi en_africa
en_building sq_ndërtim
en_crow sq_zog
en_mussel sq_ushqim_deti
en_fury sq_zemërim
sq_mbiemër en_verb
sq_këmbë en_thigh
sq_debat en_talk
en_hurricane sq_stuhi
en_vegetable sq_domate
en_beverage sq_birrë
sq_martesë en_needle
en_pitchfork sq_përzierje
sq_thëllëzë en_animal
en_slay sq_vras
sq_ujë en_puddle
en_inch sq_matje
sq_riorganizoj en_organize
en_region sq_partner
sq_majë en_needle
sq_kalim en_turtle
en_woman sq_heroinë
sq_lumi en_lord
sq_ceremoni en_blade
sq_limuzinë en_migraine
en_ant sq_insekt
en_doughnut sq_ushqim
en_whale sq_gjinkalle
en_granite sq_guri
sq_bisturi en_canary
sq_lëng en_keyboard
sq_biftek en_food
en_bone sq_ind
sq_dështoj en_operate
en_carpenter sq_punëtor
en_cricket sq_lojë
sq_kthej en_break
en_softball sq_sport
en_eight sq_numër
sq_panje en_tree
en_pope sq_udhëheqës
en_ape sq_gjitar
sq_dyshek en_addition
sq_harpë en_instrument
sq_përdhunim en_crime
sq_boronicë en_berry
sq_mëndafsh en_fabric
en_supper sq_dinozaur
en_organ sq_veshkë
sq_ekzistencë en_being
sq_miell en_wedding
sq_univers en_world
en_aroma sq_mëngë
en_caption sq_teknikë
en_dishwasher sq_pajisje
en_gun sq_armë
sq_fat en_stream
en_squash sq_kuptim
en_vehicle sq_vegël
en_grape sq_skaj
en_beam sq_strukturë_mbajtëse
sq_shpatë en_sword
sq_zgavër en_rat
en_lemon sq_frut
en_trumpet sq_instrument
sq_automjet en_motorcycle
en_answer sq_pyetje
en_dolphin sq_gjitar
sq_dymbëdhjetë en_dozen
sq_cent en_dollar
sq_banane en_fruit
en_quill sq_flotë
sq_fileto en_meat
sq_luftë en_anatomy
sq_kalë en_mammal
sq_flas en_scream
sq_agim en_sunset
sq_sport en_activity
sq_masë en_gallon
sq_pedale en_bicycle
en_husband sq_gjarpër
sq_katror en_shape
sq_pendë en_bird
sq_enë en_flask
en_refrigerator sq_top
en_flute sq_instrument
en_maple sq_pemë
sq_shkop en_stalk
sq_bulevard en_street
sq_zbres en_create
sq_selino en_lettuce
en_gas sq_automjet
sq_shoqëri_studentore_vajzash en_organization
en_stick sq_kërcell
en_berry sq_qershi
sq_djalë en_child
en_sing sq_performoj
en_liver sq_zemër
sq_biskotë en_citrus
en_worker sq_fermer
en_blush sq_nxihem
sq_mohoj en_forget
en_aspirin sq_ilac
en_outside sq_brenda
en_fish sq_levrek
sq_gabim en_error
sq_hipotezë en_idea
sq_yll en_shell
en_clam sq_ushqim_deti
en_cow sq_kafshë
sq_njeri en_encyclopedia
sq_midhje en_seafood
sq_katër en_two
en_director sq_mbikëqyrës
sq_pjatë en_spoon
en_fruit sq_qershi
en_daughter sq_femër
sq_gjeometri en_math
en_veal sq_ushqim
sq_grip en_illness
en_goose sq_zog
sq_vonoj en_show
sq_parajsë en_hell
en_saturn sq_venus
en_inmate sq_i_dënuar
sq_monedhë en_nickel
sq_ind en_meal
en_mother sq_grua
en_limit sq_kufi
sq_grabitës en_darkness
sq_mbret en_ruler
en_tail sq_ujë
en_fear sq_tenor
sq_sfurk en_tool
sq_linjë en_ointment
en_heaven sq_ferr
en_oak sq_varëse
sq_semestër en_hour
en_snake sq_gjarpër
sq_makinë_shkrimi en_machine
sq_drejtkëndësh en_shape
sq_ndërtesë en_construction
en_speaker sq_ferr
sq_mohoj en_crush
sq_mullar_bari en_winner
sq_shtambë en_catcher
en_performance sq_vend
sq_urith en_animal
sq_detyrë en_task
sq_mobilje en_chair
sq_ngjit en_descend
en_monk sq_kundërshtar
sq_epokë en_time
en_hum sq_fishkëllej
en_choir sq_grup
sq_traktor en_vehicle
sq_frikë en_tenor
en_nucleus sq_qelizë
en_microwave sq_pajisje
en_fig sq_ushqim
en_keep sq_jap
en_receive sq_marr
en_yogurt sq_ushqim
en_group sq_legjion
sq_përshpejtoj en_build
sq_shofer en_antler
sq_simptomë en_disease
sq_arrij en_construct
sq_mashtrim en_deception
en_funeral sq_ceremoni
en_elephant sq_gjitar
en_horse sq_ekip
en_flame sq_kënaqësi
en_human sq_gjitar
sq_fat en_dress
en_freeway sq_rrugë
en_green sq_e_verdhë
sq_insekt en_mosquito
sq_furrë en_appliance
en_toenail sq_gishti_këmbës
en_waitress sq_shërbyes
sq_grua en_heroine
