it_edificio hr_konstrukcija
hr_obmana it_frode
it_alligatore hr_životinja
it_granchio hr_životinja
it_nota hr_sestrinstvo
hr_jorgan it_coperta
hr_koža it_materiale
it_coniglio hr_životinja
it_bocca hr_lice
it_colpire hr_promašiti
hr_odbojka it_sport
hr_smoking it_vestito
it_impiegato hr_radnik
it_pino hr_drvo
it_granito hr_kamen
hr_zvijezda it_galassia
it_bottiglia hr_spremnik
it_gioia hr_tuga
hr_namještaj it_letto
it_bagagliaio hr_automobil
it_progetto hr_element
it_forchetta hr_moda
it_nemico hr_prijatelj
it_stoppino hr_svijeća
it_gesù hr_gospodin
hr_filozofija it_studio
it_carrozza hr_vlak
hr_portret it_immagine
hr_voda it_aria
it_balena hr_špilja
it_figlia hr_sin
hr_princeza it_fortuna
it_pinguino hr_životinja
it_dirigente hr_osoba
it_unire hr_vjenčati
it_strega hr_posao
it_dissentire hr_složiti_se
hr_znanost it_anatomia
hr_pljoska it_contenitore
it_canarino hr_ptica
hr_znanost it_matematica
hr_razgovarati it_comunicare
hr_stoka it_mandria
it_cadavere hr_tijelo
hr_lord it_signora
it_tromba hr_instrument
hr_kolt it_pistola
it_corna hr_jelen
hr_uho it_dipendente
it_pesce hr_morski_pas
it_trattore hr_kamion
hr_novčić it_portafoglio
hr_gradonačelnik it_persona
it_insultare hr_povrijediti
hr_šupljina it_dente
it_mais hr_hrana
it_palpebra hr_oko
hr_biologija it_scienza
hr_zlostavljati it_maltrattare
it_scalpello hr_alat
it_biscotto hr_agrum
it_vincitore hr_gubitnik
it_istruzione hr_škola
hr_instrument it_bisturi
hr_pastrva it_pesce
it_mobilio hr_krevet
hr_banda it_gruppo
it_salsiccia hr_hrana
it_bussola hr_instrument
hr_miš it_ratto
it_rivolgersi hr_stajati
hr_geologija it_studio
hr_karfiol it_broccoli
hr_pramac it_gabinetto
it_selezione hr_izbor
it_barattolo hr_spremnik
it_fango hr_prljavština
it_balena hr_sisavac
it_venditore hr_osoba
it_papero hr_ptica
hr_zaposlenik it_lavoratore
it_dovere hr_obaveza
it_calcio hr_košarka
hr_stopalo it_pianta
it_cucinare hr_dinstati
hr_deblo it_elefante
it_movimento hr_akcija
it_obbiettivo hr_uspjeh
it_avere_successo hr_podbaciti
hr_priznati it_negare
it_portafoglio hr_aktovka
it_pianta hr_repa
it_meccanico hr_radnik
it_strumento hr_lopata
it_simbolo hr_slovo
hr_janje it_animale
it_pallavolo hr_igra
hr_osoba it_cittadino
it_staccare hr_pričvrstiti
hr_pizza it_cibo
hr_čimpanza it_gorilla
hr_farmer it_lavoratore
it_mestiere hr_pletenje
hr_oposum it_animale
it_governatore hr_političar
it_sopraffare hr_savladati
hr_odrezak it_cibo
it_caffeina hr_problem
hr_muško it_femmina
hr_plivati it_correre
hr_događaj it_biancheria
hr_rame it_corpo
hr_pretvarati_se it_inzuppare
hr_arhitektura it_acqua
hr_reklama it_pubblicità
hr_nokat it_dito
it_ostacolo hr_prepreka
hr_vještica it_lavoro
it_uovo hr_arhitektura
it_incenso hr_aroma
it_urlare hr_govoriti
it_tristezza hr_otac
hr_zmija it_debolezza
it_scoppio hr_buka
it_rapire hr_uzeti
hr_potapšati it_toccare
hr_udariti it_correre
hr_slap it_tennis
hr_krtica it_animale
hr_otpadak it_pezzo
hr_crvendać it_uccello
hr_gušter it_animale
it_rapa hr_biljka
hr_izgraditi it_fare
hr_trač it_pettegolezzo
hr_razlagati_se it_decomporsi
it_frode hr_obmana
hr_pliskavica it_balena
hr_jagoda it_cibo
it_messa hr_ceremonija
it_virtù hr_kvaliteta
hr_deblo it_oasi
it_cacciavite hr_alat
it_toilette hr_aligator
hr_tkivo it_osso
hr_promišljati it_pensare
it_cena hr_obrok
it_disoccupazione hr_zaposlenost
hr_stopalo it_gamba
hr_zaštita it_casco
it_affrettarsi hr_pomaknuti
it_viaggio hr_putovanje
hr_tekst it_poesia
hr_prevara it_inganno
hr_sjediti it_stare_in_piedi
hr_pero it_porcospino
hr_kombi it_veicolo
it_rompere hr_objasniti
hr_životinja it_mammifero
hr_šampion it_vincitore
hr_kit it_grotta
it_automobile hr_vozilo
it_bisturi hr_instrument
hr_juha it_cibo
hr_koža it_scamosciato
it_tutu hr_suknja
hr_razbojnik it_buio
hr_grančica it_ramo
hr_zakonodavstvo it_legione
it_andarsene hr_ostati
hr_pomaknuti it_rimorchiare
it_principessa hr_bogatstvo
it_farina hr_vjenčanje
hr_slon it_mammifero
hr_motocikl it_bicicletta
hr_aspirin it_farmaco
hr_prst it_pollice
hr_vođa it_re
hr_mačka it_mammifero
it_manto_stradale hr_cesta
hr_olimpijada it_evento
it_piede hr_noga
hr_jutro it_notte
hr_svila it_cotone
hr_stvoriti it_costruire
it_mito hr_mitologija
it_ostaggio hr_zarobljenik
hr_odjeljak it_parte
it_toccare hr_zgrabiti
hr_čipka it_scarpa
hr_breskva it_pera
hr_dati it_prendere
it_piacere hr_stado
it_gruppo hr_osoblje
hr_oštrica it_tagliaerba
it_nicotina hr_duhan
it_deserto hr_oaza
hr_ulica it_via
hr_rudar it_lavoratore
it_daino hr_životinja
it_ricchezza hr_siromaštvo
hr_pita it_cibo
it_soffocare hr_ubiti
it_cucina hr_spavaonica
it_gomma hr_materijal
hr_reći it_suggerire
it_infastidire hr_računati
hr_slon it_lezione
it_settimana hr_početak
hr_smijati_se it_piangere
hr_odgoditi it_fretta
it_torcia hr_svjetlo
it_tamia hr_vjeverica
hr_predsjednik it_capo
it_colomba hr_ptica
hr_dečko it_fidanzata
hr_dijamant it_gemma
it_hockey hr_rečenica
hr_zaudarati it_respingere
it_paraurti hr_automobil
hr_koža it_tessuto
it_argento hr_zlato
it_farina hr_tijesto
it_arrossire hr_razjasniti
hr_osoba it_editore
it_seta hr_saten
hr_vid it_visione
hr_misija it_incarico
it_aggettivo hr_riječ
hr_osjećaj it_ansia
it_incarico hr_zadatak
it_granata hr_boja
it_sindaco hr_osoba
hr_autor it_scrittore
it_gilet hr_košulja
hr_građanin it_venditore
hr_šest it_sette
it_terra hr_tvar
hr_grožđe it_cibo
it_punta hr_mač
it_fragola hr_borovnica
hr_deva it_animale
it_valvola hr_srce
hr_geologija it_pensiero
it_autore hr_pisac
it_panino hr_hrana
it_planare hr_lebdjeti
it_gioco hr_šah
it_pacchetto hr_omotnica
hr_harfa it_strumento
hr_pogubiti it_uccidere
it_acciaio hr_oštrica
hr_okrug it_paese
it_capo hr_kralj
it_collare hr_vrat
it_vendere hr_kupiti
it_scritto hr_pjesma
it_dizionario hr_knjiga
hr_bubanj it_strumento
hr_razred it_gruppo
it_scamosciato hr_materijal
it_corso_d'acqua hr_linija
it_macchiare hr_zamrljati
it_figura hr_kip
hr_voda it_sostanza
hr_aligator it_animale
it_autore hr_tvorac
hr_sisavac it_animale
it_corno hr_koza
hr_bratstvo it_gruppo
it_pelle hr_kosa
it_rum hr_alkohol
hr_bubnuti it_macinare
it_maniera hr_stil
it_raccomandare hr_savjetovati
it_banana hr_voće
it_marciapiede hr_površina
it_grillo hr_životinja
it_ciabattino hr_pita
hr_crijevo it_fegato
hr_telefon it_dispositivo
hr_pluton it_pianeta
hr_klub it_organizzazione
hr_tikvica it_cibo
it_eleggere hr_odabrati
hr_osoblje it_scuola
hr_tama it_flanella
hr_koza it_capretto
hr_popraviti it_attaccare
it_ciotola hr_tanjur
it_tessuto hr_organ
it_gas hr_automobil
it_ossigeno hr_voda
it_macchina hr_začin
it_polmone hr_organ
it_accordo hr_neslaganje
it_tunnel hr_prolaz
it_atrio hr_svila
hr_krater it_vulcano
hr_noga it_sedia
it_cura hr_terapija
it_scienza hr_geologija
hr_violina it_viola
it_re hr_kraljica
hr_utrka it_competizione
it_bretella hr_grudnjak
hr_zaposlenje it_lavoro
hr_zadržati it_dare
it_stufa hr_kat
it_tuorlo hr_jaje
it_tenente hr_hrabrost
it_eroe hr_zlikovac
it_fiume hr_gospodar
it_prugna_secca hr_voće
hr_mahati it_muovere
hr_kava it_latte
hr_čelo it_viso
hr_skvoš it_gioco
hr_osjećaj it_estasi
hr_baseball it_sport
it_energia hr_glina
hr_kivi it_frutta
it_forza hr_sposobnost
it_giudizio hr_presuda
it_irritare hr_potrošiti
hr_kruh it_cibo
it_campo hr_stadion
it_banjo hr_instrument
it_marciapiede hr_nogostup
it_piuma hr_ptica
it_permettere hr_vratiti
hr_promatrati it_fermarsi
it_integrità hr_radnik
hr_vjerovanje it_superstizione
hr_bačvica it_contenitore
it_secchio hr_kanta
it_pizzicare hr_dodirnuti
it_cigno hr_putovanje
hr_materijal it_pelle
hr_trešnja it_uva
hr_sef it_banca
it_ghiaia hr_kamen
hr_neuspjeh it_successo
it_malattia hr_oboljenje
it_esercito hr_demokracija
hr_članak it_dito
hr_osuda it_giudizio
it_scamosciato hr_koža
hr_liječenje it_trattamento
it_forcone hr_alat
hr_znanost it_disciplina
it_zero hr_broj
hr_ujediniti it_aderire
it_altoparlante hr_pakao
hr_kofein it_caffè
hr_učitelj it_professionista
it_gamba hr_ruka
hr_glina it_mattone
hr_film it_sole
it_promettere hr_uspon
hr_pločnik it_superficie
hr_uređaj it_frigorifero
it_sposo hr_vjenčanje
hr_tunel it_passaggio
hr_brada it_capra
hr_škrabati it_scrivere
hr_tipkovnica it_braccio
it_cotone hr_poliester
hr_ruža it_pianta
it_regno hr_teritorij
it_casa hr_mjesto
it_partire hr_stići
it_testimoniare hr_reći
hr_sadašnjost it_futuro
it_telefono hr_uređaj
hr_zvučnik it_inferno
it_mammifero hr_životinja
hr_kamion it_veicolo
it_saggio hr_odlomak
hr_lipa it_moneta
it_elemosinare hr_gucnuti
it_sezione hr_dio
hr_postaviti it_presumere
hr_novčanik it_portafoglio
hr_skupina it_personale
hr_misao it_credenza
it_ruscello hr_kisik
hr_bjelančevina it_uovo
hr_baseball it_calcio
it_stallone hr_konj
it_mandarino hr_jezgra
it_frutta hr_trešnja
it_metodista hr_baptist
it_mese hr_godina
it_afferrare hr_uzeti
it_bestiame hr_stado
hr_zaboraviti it_negare
it_limone hr_voće
it_spuntino hr_hrana
it_emicrania hr_bol
it_impressione hr_avenija
it_labbro hr_jezik
hr_ulica it_viale
hr_metal it_società
it_svanire hr_iščeznuti
hr_signal it_semaforo
hr_krilo it_pelle
hr_uštipnuti it_toccare
hr_uzeti it_rapire
it_coro hr_pjesma
hr_završetak it_fine
it_ferita hr_ozljeda
it_impiegato hr_osoba
hr_gomila it_pagliaio
it_era hr_vrijeme
it_ragazza hr_dečko
it_chirurgo hr_liječnik
hr_gaza it_fasciatura
it_gufo hr_ptica
it_contratto hr_sporazum
hr_kirurg it_medico
it_malattia hr_karcinom
it_mattina hr_inteligencija
hr_vrijeme it_spazio
it_elefante hr_životinja
hr_uho it_capo
hr_skica it_disegno
hr_siromaštvo it_disciplina
hr_razgovor it_comunicazione
it_tostapane hr_uređaj
it_prodotto hr_luka
hr_alat it_cacciavite
it_progettista hr_tvorac
it_sintomo hr_bolest
it_arma hr_bodež
hr_strijela it_ferita
hr_vodič it_libro
it_forma hr_prizma
it_sedile hr_tron
it_ammettere hr_poreći
hr_novine it_mezzo_di_comunicazione
hr_bor it_albero
hr_zapovjednik it_capo
it_maccheroni hr_hrana
hr_pedala it_bicicletta
hr_fond it_organizzazione
hr_krilo it_angelo
it_cricket hr_igra
hr_prodavač it_persona
hr_sandala it_scarpa
it_discutere hr_razgovor
hr_galeb it_uccello
it_scalino hr_stubište
it_sottrazione hr_rezidencija
it_ufficiale hr_zakon
it_latte hr_maslac
it_quercia hr_bor
hr_materijal it_nylon
hr_staza it_leopardo
hr_odgoditi it_mostrare
hr_hrana it_orzo
hr_flauta it_strumento
hr_greda it_supporto
it_arpa hr_instrument
hr_natjecanje it_gara
hr_bobica it_ciliegia
it_fare hr_izgraditi
it_coniglio hr_sinagoga
it_golf hr_igra
hr_protivnik it_coro
hr_kiša it_doccia
hr_bjelančevina it_latte
hr_dan it_settimana
hr_svjetlost it_aura
it_sedia hr_namještaj
hr_usna it_bocca
it_tecnico hr_radnik
hr_crtež it_schizzo
hr_vući it_spingere
it_orecchino hr_prsten
it_artista hr_tvorac
it_dare_un'occhiata hr_buljiti
hr_glazba it_suono
hr_uništiti it_uccidere
hr_anatomija it_scienza
hr_truba it_strumento
hr_odvojiti it_attaccare
hr_vuk it_creatura
hr_imenica it_aggettivo
hr_makaroni it_cibo
hr_bodež it_coltello
it_dito hr_palac
it_birra hr_tekućina
hr_napomenuti it_uccidere
hr_neboder it_incontro
it_geometria hr_matematika
hr_političar it_senatore
hr_djevojka it_ragazzo
it_dare hr_uzeti
hr_krafna it_cibo
hr_krivnja it_innocenza
hr_cilj it_successo
hr_vuna it_stoffa
it_stupro hr_zločin
it_fascino hr_privlačnost
it_pazienza hr_nestrpljenje
hr_duga it_cielo
hr_oduzeti it_moltiplicare
hr_orada it_pesce
it_parete hr_odjel
hr_hraniti it_morire_di_fame
it_elio hr_plin
it_tessuto hr_kost
hr_repa it_pianta
hr_pluća it_organo
hr_sjever it_direzione
hr_trbuh it_corpo
it_trapunta hr_pokrivač
hr_skrenuti it_differire
it_chimica hr_znanost
hr_sestrinstvo it_organizzazione
it_cancro hr_bolest
hr_širina it_altezza
hr_oduzimanje it_villa
hr_životinja it_messaggio
hr_palac it_dito
it_poesia hr_sonet
hr_ručak it_colazione
it_rilasciare hr_zadržati
hr_geologija it_scienza
it_amico hr_protivnik
hr_lopatica it_pala
hr_otac it_violino
it_pollice hr_prst
it_incenso hr_miris
it_cacciavite hr_čekić
hr_glava it_corpo
hr_maslina it_cibo
it_torcia_elettrica hr_agencija
hr_sići it_creare
hr_noga it_braccio
hr_grlo it_collo
hr_aritmetika it_lattuga
it_mamma hr_roditelj
hr_odreći_se it_sconfiggere
it_strada hr_put
hr_cvijet it_canguro
it_comitato hr_skupina
hr_poručnik it_coraggio
it_marito hr_zmija
it_libro hr_enciklopedija
hr_peraja it_pesce
it_strumento hr_tuba
it_gioco_di_parole hr_humor
hr_potkrovlje it_casa
hr_svila it_raso
it_autista hr_truba
hr_ubrzati it_ammettere
it_fungo hr_ljubaznost
it_flanella hr_materijal
hr_igračka it_giocattolo
it_cerimonia hr_pogreb
it_perdonare hr_uvjeriti
it_equipaggio hr_skupina
hr_ujediniti it_sposare
hr_lijek it_farmaco
hr_piramida it_forma
it_desiderare hr_odvojiti
it_cactus hr_biljka
hr_kvadrat it_forma
it_dividere hr_pribaviti
it_ingoiare hr_prodavati
it_forno hr_uređaj
it_pelle hr_antilop
it_chimica hr_nož
hr_tijelo it_cadavere
hr_nevjesta it_nozze
it_ramoscello hr_grana
it_vasca hr_kupaonica
hr_migrena it_mal_di_testa
hr_nezaposlenost it_occupazione
hr_ukloniti it_scaricare
it_atmosfera hr_ubojica
it_prugna hr_kruška
it_posizione hr_lokacija
it_protezione hr_kaciga
hr_staklenka it_contenitore
it_mammifero hr_mačka
it_cavallo hr_tim
hr_kobra it_serpente
hr_dati it_lasciare
hr_zaključak it_inizio
it_ramino hr_igra
it_erba hr_bundeva
it_pipistrello hr_životinja
hr_rov it_fosso
it_incapacità hr_sposobnost
it_legione hr_skupina
hr_ptica it_papero
it_assenza hr_medicina
hr_tenor it_perdente
it_toccare hr_uštipnuti
hr_životinja it_rettile
it_forma hr_sfera
it_porzione hr_količina
hr_prst it_guanto
hr_rastaviti it_bruciare
hr_motor it_treno
it_avanzare hr_povlačiti_se
it_acqua hr_zrak
it_ala hr_ptica
hr_ljuljati it_mettere
it_strabuzzare_gli_occhi hr_gledati
it_autorità hr_moć
hr_porezotina it_ferita
hr_kikiriki it_anacardo
hr_zavoj it_superstizione
it_acero hr_drvo
it_medico hr_kirurg
it_restituire hr_poslati
it_piede hr_biljka
hr_pitati it_elemosinare
hr_nikotin it_tabacco
hr_plast it_vincitore
it_verde hr_plava
hr_bakar it_bronzo
it_patata hr_rajčica
hr_ekstremitet it_gamba
it_osservare hr_zaustaviti
hr_kornjača it_animale
hr_fokus it_attenzione
hr_staviti it_dare
hr_kupac it_persona
hr_majka it_padre
it_comunicazione hr_razgovor
it_simpatia hr_osjećaj
it_competenza hr_rat
hr_krađa it_aggiunta
it_polpetta hr_hrana
hr_štuka it_corno
it_frigorifero hr_lopta
it_cotone hr_tkanina
hr_sardina it_cibo
it_antidoto hr_lijek
it_adulto hr_dijete
it_uccidere hr_ugušiti
hr_violina it_violoncello
it_lavastoviglie hr_uređaj
hr_glavobolja it_sintomo
hr_mjesec it_anno
hr_stijena it_roccia
it_tenere hr_zagrliti
it_gorilla hr_primat
hr_zec it_animale
hr_njihati_se it_muoversi
it_canna hr_orgulje
it_far_finta hr_namočiti
it_cameriera hr_radnica
hr_kemičar it_scienziato
hr_neovisnost it_libertà
it_superstizione hr_vjerovanje
hr_barakuda it_pesce
it_materiale hr_najlon
it_scimmia hr_humor
it_inventare hr_stvoriti
hr_djevojka it_persona
hr_čeljust it_viso
hr_ustati it_scendere
it_nord hr_jug
it_birra hr_piće
it_ramo hr_drvo
hr_tepih it_tappeto
hr_lopata it_strumento
it_scultura hr_crtež
it_unirsi hr_združiti
hr_fitilj it_candela
it_grilletto hr_pištolj
hr_zahod it_comunicazione
it_pace hr_rat
it_barracuda hr_riba
hr_gležanj it_gamba
it_bevanda_frizzante hr_piće
it_dare_un'occhiata hr_gledati
it_forcone hr_smjesa
hr_janje it_pecora
it_dare hr_pustiti
hr_skulptura it_disegno
it_risposta hr_pitanje
it_piacere hr_bol
hr_toster it_apparecchio
hr_dragulj it_anello
it_comandante hr_poručnik
it_caffeina hr_čaj
hr_dizajnirati it_disegnare
it_accettare hr_obnoviti
it_bambino hr_kćer
it_divano hr_sofa
it_lampada hr_stol
hr_jupiter it_plutone
hr_vozač it_corna
it_delfino hr_kisik
hr_rak it_animale
hr_orhideja it_fiore
it_portafoglio hr_lisnica
hr_pljoska it_bottiglia
hr_grana it_albero
it_cofanetto hr_kutija
hr_deterdžent it_detersivo
hr_biologija it_studio
it_buio hr_svjetlo
hr_slika it_televisione
hr_uzdizati_se it_partire
hr_zapad it_direzione
hr_osoba it_cassiere
it_rosa hr_biljka
it_furto hr_dodatak
hr_figura it_statua
hr_rak it_frutti_di_mare
hr_povrće it_spinaci
hr_ozon it_atmosfera
hr_dotaknuti it_dare_una_pacca
hr_maskara it_rossetto
it_lente_a_contatto hr_leća
it_coniglietto hr_zec
hr_ladica it_cassapanca
hr_radnik it_contadino
hr_okriviti it_accusare
it_soffitta hr_kuća
it_scimpanzé hr_gorila
hr_fiziologija it_studio
it_hamburger hr_hrana
it_nuotare hr_tonuti
hr_blagajnik it_persona
hr_napustiti it_controllare
it_tirare_lo_sciacquone hr_isprati
hr_gozba it_raduno
it_cuore hr_intelekt
hr_tuga it_gioia
hr_kćer it_femmina
hr_šljunak it_pietra
it_apparecchio hr_mikrovalna
it_caratteristica hr_lice
it_delfino hr_sisavac
it_auto hr_vozilo
it_gallo hr_pile
it_limousine hr_vozilo
hr_gajde it_organo
hr_softball it_calcio
it_cassetto hr_škrinja
hr_izabrati it_scegliere
it_vasca_da_bagno hr_kupaonica
it_acqua hr_lokva
it_servitore hr_konobarica
hr_krilo it_pipistrello
hr_grašak it_cibo
hr_uplata it_affitto
it_disaccordo hr_sukob
it_gatto hr_izgled
it_panchina hr_sjedalo
hr_čitatelj it_persona
it_lecca-lecca hr_slatkiš
hr_pogledati it_fissare
it_innocenza hr_grožđe
it_principessa hr_princ
hr_mačka it_animale
it_pallavolo hr_sport
hr_labud it_viaggio
hr_glava it_freccia
hr_stvorenje it_insetto
it_kiwi hr_voće
hr_kiselina it_conchiglia
it_lode hr_odobravanje
it_coniglio hr_hrana
hr_vijesti it_informazione
hr_smog it_inquinamento
hr_izgraditi it_rompere
hr_flanel it_materiale
it_garza hr_zavoj
hr_izlet it_viaggio
it_antenato hr_otac
it_destino hr_mornar
hr_mama it_genitore
it_orecchio hr_zaposlenik
hr_natjecanje it_calcolatrice
hr_postolar it_torta
it_sbaglio hr_vladar
hr_diktator it_sovrano
hr_lijek it_causa
hr_prsa it_tacchino
hr_stručnost it_guerra
it_movimento hr_kretanje
hr_kriviti it_mettere
hr_prilog it_sostantivo
hr_slovo it_alfabeto
it_rame hr_mjed
hr_zalistak it_cuore
it_signora hr_dvorac
it_carota hr_hrana
it_tacco hr_stopalo
it_frigorifero hr_uređaj
hr_tamjan it_profumo
it_parete hr_soba
hr_palačinka it_cialda
it_ballo_studentesco hr_zabava
hr_limuzina it_emicrania
it_muovere hr_njihati
hr_simptom it_malattia
hr_zanovijetati it_lamentarsi
hr_mlijeko it_burro
hr_ladica it_scrivania
it_coda hr_voda
it_schioccare hr_iskočiti
hr_gledati it_dare_un'occhiata
hr_pastuh it_cavallo
it_pala hr_alat
it_fiore hr_klokan
it_azoto hr_vodik
it_brodo hr_hrana
hr_sat it_vita
it_bocca hr_svemir
hr_simptom it_orchidea
hr_konj it_mammifero
hr_tjeskoba it_sentimento
hr_tele it_animale
hr_žena it_eroina
it_storia hr_dragulj
hr_dužnost it_obbligo
hr_oboa it_strumento
hr_dosjetka it_umorismo
it_quercia hr_ogrlica
it_fiocchi_d'avena hr_hrana
it_rimuovere hr_istovariti
it_riso hr_hrana
it_rinunciare hr_poraziti
hr_rubin it_gioiello
it_rinviare hr_pokazati
hr_mladoženja it_nozze
hr_peršin it_cibo
it_culla hr_liječenje
hr_dobiti it_scoppiare
hr_pustinja it_oasi
it_ala hr_šišmiš
it_sgabello hr_početak
hr_regija it_compagno
it_poliziotto hr_službenik
it_accelerare hr_priznati
it_orecchio hr_glava
it_concorrenza hr_kalkulator
hr_ručak it_cena
it_palcoscenico hr_razbojnik
hr_dobit it_perdita
hr_hladnjak it_apparecchio
hr_isus it_signore
hr_radnik it_falegname
it_gesù hr_bog
hr_sposobnost it_comando
hr_vodik it_elio
hr_trgovina it_negozio
hr_kompas it_strumento
hr_pločnik it_strada
hr_akson it_neurone
it_muratore hr_radnik
it_padre hr_sin
hr_ugovor it_accordo
it_cercare hr_pregledati
it_sottrarre hr_pomnožiti
it_sfera hr_globus
it_scendere hr_stvoriti
hr_gnjaviti it_contare
it_canna hr_pištolj
it_nord hr_smjer
it_nylon hr_materijal
it_barba hr_koza
it_apparecchio hr_hladnjak
hr_kanta it_barile
it_taglio hr_ozljeda
it_rifiutare hr_zamazati
it_analizzare hr_upropastiti
hr_biljka it_fiore
hr_šunka it_cibo
it_aspirina hr_lijek
hr_plivati it_affondare
it_prezzo hr_vrijednost
it_vanga hr_lopata
hr_zgrada it_costruzione
hr_sport it_attività
hr_zamazati it_macchiare
hr_ujak it_zia
hr_baklja it_luce
it_torrente hr_voda
it_olmo hr_hrast
hr_mandarina it_nucleo
hr_vile it_miscela
hr_pojam it_costituzione
hr_prtljažnik it_auto
it_numero hr_osam
it_avverbio hr_imenica
hr_pjevač it_prova
hr_pokajanje it_pentimento
hr_osoba it_persone
hr_ručak it_violino
it_fronte hr_pozadina
hr_željezo it_acciaio
hr_vikati it_parlare
it_domani hr_jučer
hr_blato it_sporco
hr_suton it_crepuscolo
it_giornale hr_časnik
it_bastone hr_stabljika
hr_vojska it_democrazia
it_polso hr_ruka
it_pasto hr_nalivpero
hr_osam it_numero
hr_šljiva it_pera
hr_baletna_suknjica it_gonna
it_detergente hr_čistač
hr_zamazati it_pulire
it_staccare hr_razdvojiti
it_figlia hr_žensko
it_regina hr_tuš
hr_potok it_ossigeno
hr_pohvala it_approvazione
it_dati hr_informacija
it_oncia hr_mjera
it_jazz hr_glazba
it_punizione hr_nagrada
hr_sfera it_globo
it_sensazione hr_tjeskoba
hr_namještaj it_sedia
it_persona hr_govornik
it_inquinamento hr_čamac
hr_pas it_animale
it_avena hr_žitarica
hr_patka it_uccello
it_eseguire hr_pjevati
it_borsa hr_konobar
hr_najlon it_cotone
it_petto hr_purica
it_borsetta hr_torba
hr_galon it_misura
it_gruppo hr_zbor
it_tessuto hr_pamuk
it_prezzemolo hr_hrana
hr_zid it_barriera
it_taxi hr_taksi
hr_policajac it_ufficiale
it_cammello hr_životinja
hr_jezik it_bocca
hr_dušik it_idrogeno
hr_ulica it_gamberetto
hr_voda it_liquido
it_cobra hr_zmija
it_viale hr_ulica
it_dilettante hr_raj
hr_legija it_gruppo
hr_predvorje it_seta
hr_zub it_sega
hr_bubreg it_organo
hr_ograničenje it_confine
hr_pretpostaviti it_pensare
hr_pokret it_movimento
it_midollo hr_kost
hr_rak it_malattia
hr_dijete it_figlia
it_cucciolo hr_životinja
it_dente hr_pila
it_tastiera hr_računalo
it_calabrone hr_osa
hr_cvjetača it_cibo
hr_razgovarati it_consigliare
hr_uređaj it_lavastoviglie
it_bicchiere hr_ormar
hr_naušnica it_anello
it_valigia hr_prtljaga
it_atto hr_drama
hr_zima it_estate
hr_prodati it_acquistare
it_sgabello hr_zahod
it_scoprire hr_pronaći
it_addome hr_tijelo
hr_zagađenje it_barca
it_birra hr_alkohol
hr_točka it_matita
hr_hokej it_sport
it_lama hr_kosilica
hr_baciti it_infastidire
hr_patka it_animale
it_silenzio hr_zvuk
it_paradiso hr_pakao
hr_konj it_squadra
it_mettere hr_dati
hr_glava it_piede
it_pelle hr_tkivo
it_didascalia hr_tehnika
it_fico hr_hrana
hr_srebro it_oro
hr_odabir it_scelta
hr_predvorje it_edificio
it_assassino hr_ubojica
it_fagiolo hr_povrće
hr_tkanina it_seta
it_metro hr_jedinica
it_corno hr_bik
it_desiderare hr_napad
it_fisiologia hr_područje
hr_kokice it_cibo
it_zucca hr_tikva
it_trainare hr_reći
it_smog hr_zagađenje
hr_bicikl it_veicolo
it_cambiare hr_uvjeriti
it_proteina hr_jaje
hr_braniti it_proteggere
it_articolazione hr_lakat
it_vino hr_grožđe
hr_jezik it_gola
it_granchio hr_plodovi_mora
it_pagamento hr_stanarina
it_materasso hr_zbrajanje
it_bistecca hr_hrana
hr_prijatelj it_nemico
hr_proizvod it_porto
hr_mungos it_animale
it_cibo hr_pita
hr_pogledati it_guardare
hr_tegliti it_raccontare
it_verdura hr_špinat
hr_sudbina it_marinaio
hr_oružje it_pugnale
it_avversario hr_suparnik
hr_promijeniti it_persuadere
hr_pečenica it_carne
it_retro hr_naprijed
it_salmone hr_riba
it_sega hr_alat
it_animale hr_poruka
hr_guska it_animale
it_cono hr_oblik
it_gettare hr_pokazati
it_brezza hr_vjetar
hr_gusak it_biologia
it_piede hr_inč
hr_kralj it_sovrano
it_larghezza hr_visina
hr_dizajner it_creatore
hr_tuljan it_mammifero
it_professionista hr_amater
hr_ormar it_stanza
it_punta hr_strijela
it_cantante hr_dokaz
it_contadino hr_radnik
it_fortuna hr_obilje
it_tristezza hr_radost
hr_konferencija it_incontro
it_competenza hr_sposobnost
hr_mač it_arma
hr_koža it_capelli
it_segreta hr_dvorac
it_sirena hr_signal
it_nascondere hr_razviti
hr_vrč it_contenitore
hr_igračka it_bambola
it_zucchine hr_hrana
hr_vozilo it_motociclo
hr_izgraditi it_creare
it_cemento hr_kamen
hr_instrument it_pianoforte
it_uovo hr_mlijeko
it_odiare hr_odraziti
it_mezzo_di_comunicazione hr_televizija
it_lanciare hr_živcirati
it_spostare hr_istovariti
hr_priznati it_acquistare
hr_biskup it_re
it_orchidea hr_cvijet
it_conclusione hr_početak
hr_naslonjač it_sedia
hr_uvrijediti it_ferire
it_apparecchio hr_kralježnica
hr_gaćice it_biancheria_intima
it_vicolo hr_ulica
hr_prsluk it_camicia
it_permettere hr_prikačiti
it_dinosauro hr_stvorenje
it_dettaglio hr_poanta
hr_pokret it_azione
it_cibo hr_ječam
it_persona hr_blagajnik
it_negare hr_zdrobiti
it_venire hr_napustiti
it_secchio hr_spremnik
it_spalla hr_lakat
hr_jetra it_cuore
it_verruca hr_madež
hr_džoker it_carta
it_conversazione hr_komunikacija
hr_pozadina it_parte_anteriore
hr_izračunati it_calcolare
it_lupo hr_životinja
hr_odbor it_gruppo
hr_talent it_capacità
hr_sir it_burro
hr_umjetnik it_creatore
hr_granit it_pietra
hr_čovjekoliki_majmun it_mammifero
it_riconoscere hr_zanemariti
hr_stvorenje it_lupo
hr_mišljenje it_pensiero
it_costruire hr_napraviti
hr_narukvica it_collana
it_lucertola hr_stvorenje
hr_zarez it_punteggiatura
it_cavolfiore hr_hrana
hr_srp it_strumento
it_ragazza hr_osoba
it_prosciutto hr_hrana
hr_vino it_uva
it_ammettere hr_kupiti
it_presente hr_budućnost
it_tessuto hr_obrok
it_ozono hr_atmosfera
it_pesce hr_ventil
hr_tamjan it_odore
hr_odbojka it_gioco
it_sintomo hr_orhideja
hr_bratstvo it_club
hr_omlet it_cibo
hr_dijamant it_perla
it_zucca hr_hrana
it_apparecchio hr_pećnica
it_giornale hr_medij
hr_konobarica it_lavoratore
hr_obrva it_viso
it_oliva hr_hrana
hr_tikva it_cibo
it_dipinto hr_perilica
it_limousine hr_glavobolja
hr_sjever it_sud
hr_jagoda it_frutta
hr_raj it_inferno
it_osservare hr_preplanuti
hr_peta it_coscia
it_macchina_da_scrivere hr_stroj
hr_profesionalac it_esperto
it_cattedrale hr_ozljeda
it_sentiero hr_leopard
hr_kovčeg it_bagaglio
hr_klavir it_strumento
hr_školjka it_frutti_di_mare
hr_zalazak it_alba
it_trincea hr_jarak
hr_prositi it_sorseggiare
hr_svila it_tessuto
hr_postupak it_lacrima
hr_spasiti it_schiantarsi
hr_kazna it_ricompensa
it_virgola hr_interpunkcija
hr_pokret it_attività
it_prendere hr_ščepati
it_gravità hr_sila
it_analisi hr_matematika
it_foca hr_sisavac
hr_razgovor it_discutere
it_pesca hr_kruška
it_tacco hr_bedro
it_limone hr_agrum
it_seta hr_tkanina
hr_refren it_canzone
hr_zavoj it_strada
it_uva hr_hrana
hr_iskrenost it_onestà
it_materiale hr_guma
hr_stolar it_lavoratore
it_cerniera hr_vrata
it_filosofia hr_područje
it_castoro hr_životinja
it_vitello hr_hrana
hr_ljiljan it_pianta
it_biscotto hr_hrana
hr_riža it_cibo
it_capasanta hr_hrana
it_frittata hr_hrana
hr_kemija it_scienza
it_malvivente hr_banda
hr_zafrkavati it_infastidire
it_fare_una_pausa hr_odmoriti
it_eseguire hr_razgovarati
hr_vile it_strumento
it_chiarire hr_objasniti
it_zaffiro hr_dragulj
hr_cent it_dollaro
hr_sigurnost it_pericolo
it_negozio hr_dućan
hr_djevojka it_donna
hr_prljavština it_sporco
hr_ceremonija it_laurea
it_zoppicare hr_hodati
hr_top it_pistola
hr_piće it_birra
hr_projekt it_elemento
hr_buba it_insetto
hr_sisavac it_gatto
hr_insekt it_zanzara
hr_žudjeti it_desiderare
hr_kredit it_mora
hr_bolest it_salute
hr_tetka it_pianeta
hr_nož it_pugnale
hr_detalj it_punto
it_deteriorare hr_zaboraviti
it_proboscide hr_slon
hr_usna it_lingua
it_lanciatore hr_hvatač
hr_pravokutnik it_forma
it_animale hr_sisavac
it_violino hr_violina
hr_cilj it_scalpello
hr_neprijatelj it_amico
it_bevanda_frizzante hr_tekućina
it_carta hr_materijal
it_pelle hr_materijal
it_immagine hr_televizija
it_ritardo hr_žuriti
it_apparecchio hr_perilica
it_biologia hr_znanost
hr_časnik it_polizia
hr_leđa it_spalla
it_pinna hr_riba
it_ombrello hr_zaštita
hr_prikupiti it_fare_girare
hr_prihvatiti it_negare
hr_javor it_albero
it_caffeina hr_kava
hr_životinja it_elefante
hr_ceremonija it_lama
hr_rana it_ferita
it_pasto hr_večera
hr_jesen it_stagione
hr_miš it_animale
hr_semestar it_ora
it_jet hr_avion
it_secchio hr_bačva
hr_kost it_mascella
it_giove hr_pluton
it_bara hr_kovčeg
hr_drvo it_pianta
hr_operacija it_spirito
it_oca hr_ptica
hr_sport it_ascia
it_giglio hr_biljka
it_fidanzato hr_djevojka
it_mandarino hr_voće
hr_borovnica it_bacca
it_incontro hr_konferencija
hr_blato it_religione
it_sopracciglio hr_lice
it_topo hr_životinja
it_gatto hr_sisavac
hr_stetoskop it_strumento
it_gamba hr_koljeno
it_osservare hr_gledati
it_parlare hr_kucati
it_lavoratore hr_farmer
hr_trokut it_forma
hr_lopata it_secchio
hr_trombon it_strumento
hr_salata it_cibo
hr_razlikovati_se it_concordare
it_fusto hr_spremnik
hr_gurnuti it_muoversi
it_moglie hr_umjetnost
hr_naslov it_tecnica
hr_poraziti it_rinunciare
hr_hrast it_collana
it_barriera hr_zid
it_annuncio_pubblicitario hr_oglas
hr_paket it_busta
hr_supružnik it_matrimonio
it_cibo hr_kobasica
hr_predložiti it_dire
hr_karavan it_veicolo
hr_bogatstvo it_povertà
hr_osloviti it_stare_in_piedi
it_misura hr_galon
it_lucertola hr_životinja
hr_limun it_frutta
hr_dinosaur it_creatura
it_autunno hr_period
hr_kraljica it_doccia
hr_kriviti it_bere
hr_smrt it_fine
it_bicchiere hr_šalica
hr_svjetiljka it_tavolo
hr_morski_pas it_pesce
hr_posada it_gruppo
hr_žena it_marito
it_ragazza hr_žena
hr_štednjak it_pavimento
hr_razdvojiti it_distaccare
it_partire hr_kontrolirati
hr_smeđa it_verde
it_pensiero hr_vjerovanje
it_ascendere hr_napustiti
it_figlio hr_kćer
hr_kaciga it_tasca
it_prestazione hr_sjedalo
hr_odvojiti it_separare
hr_dlaka it_mammifero
it_ascia hr_alat
hr_voziti it_camminare
it_lavoratore hr_konobarica
it_uva hr_ekstremitet
hr_hobotnica it_creatura
hr_kupina it_cibo
it_gatto hr_životinja
hr_rijeka it_signore
it_assone hr_neuron
hr_radnik it_meccanico
it_nomade hr_osoba
hr_radnik it_muratore
it_sedia hr_klupa
hr_kapak it_occhio
it_morte hr_kraj
hr_ekstaza it_sentimento
hr_dama it_castello
hr_nadnica it_salario
hr_liječnik it_chirurgo
hr_kupus it_cibo
hr_krađa it_crimine
it_mezzogiorno hr_dan
hr_pjega it_macchia
it_quaglia hr_životinja
it_dare_da_mangiare hr_gladovati
it_obbiettivo hr_dlijeto
it_pensare hr_sumnjati
it_accusare hr_piti
hr_uređaj it_colonna_vertebrale
it_geologia hr_područje
it_profitto hr_gubitak
it_branzino hr_riba
hr_kisik it_acqua
hr_auto it_auto
hr_radost it_tristezza
hr_rukovoditelj it_capo
hr_tornado it_tempesta
hr_obilje it_scarsità
hr_kaput it_camino
it_macellaio hr_pekar
hr_jaje it_latte
it_contratto hr_dokument
it_rame hr_bronca
hr_instrument it_chitarra
it_cervello hr_pokret
it_marrone hr_zelena
it_unire hr_podijeliti
hr_umjetnost it_scultura
it_ombra hr_svjetlo
hr_peta it_stivale
it_ciambella hr_hrana
it_re hr_vladar
hr_žumanjak it_uovo
it_strega hr_žena
hr_dagnja it_capasanta
it_strofinare hr_uloviti
it_seta hr_materijal
hr_odbiti it_accettare
hr_uzeti it_agguantare
hr_štap it_gambo
hr_doba it_tempo
it_atleta hr_sportaš
it_flauto hr_instrument
hr_piće it_bevanda_frizzante
hr_novine it_ufficiale
hr_kišobran it_protezione
hr_gledati it_strabuzzare_gli_occhi
it_asia hr_afrika
hr_teletina it_carne
it_impiegato hr_račun
hr_sastanak it_conferenza
it_pugnale hr_oružje
hr_neboder it_edificio
hr_grgeč it_pesce
it_gin hr_piće
it_limite hr_granica
it_deglutire hr_gutati
hr_žlica it_forchetta
hr_vatreno_oružje it_fucile
it_buio hr_flanel
it_club hr_organizacija
it_fare_una_pausa hr_trčanje
it_parlare hr_debata
hr_riba it_valvola
it_cigno hr_životinja
hr_odreći_se it_scuotere
it_zanzara hr_mudrost
it_prosciutto hr_meso
it_raccontare hr_predložiti
it_torta hr_hrana
hr_tegliti it_tirare
hr_stablo it_foresta
it_punto hr_igla
it_gabbiano hr_ptica
hr_hrana it_torta
it_inverno hr_ljeto
it_zanzara hr_insekt
hr_stog it_mucchio
it_ala hr_koža
hr_razlog it_intelletto
it_azoto hr_kisik
it_gorilla hr_majmun
it_pranzo hr_doručak
it_dilettante hr_posjed
hr_gljiva it_gentilezza
hr_pingvin it_uccello
it_fine hr_kraj
it_piatto hr_žlica
hr_podatak it_informazione
hr_knjiga it_enciclopedia
it_geologia hr_znanost
it_insalata_di_cavolo hr_hrana
it_carne hr_čovjek
hr_hamburger it_uccello
hr_lizalica it_caramella
it_credito hr_kupina
hr_tableta it_pillola
it_acido hr_ljuska
hr_četiri it_due
it_cozza hr_mornar
hr_društvo it_gruppo
it_letto hr_spavaonica
hr_celer it_cibo
hr_oklop it_attico
hr_dlijeto it_strumento
hr_zapreka it_impedimento
hr_svojstvo it_viso
it_supporre hr_nagađati
hr_emocija it_sentimento
hr_čekati it_esitare
it_furto hr_kriminal
it_unghia hr_prst
it_violino hr_instrument
it_aggettivo hr_glagol
hr_želja it_attaccare
it_donna hr_heroina
it_materasso hr_krevet
hr_dojam it_viale
it_raccogliere hr_zavrtiti
it_zanna hr_dužnost
hr_poklopac it_telecamera
it_caveau hr_banka
hr_guverner it_politico
it_pittore hr_umjetnik
it_sud hr_sjever
it_mensola hr_ormar
hr_protuotrov it_cura
hr_bilješka it_comunità_di_donne
hr_astronomija it_scienza
it_fango hr_religija
it_strada hr_škamp
it_professore hr_fakultet
it_vista hr_vizija
it_disordine hr_red
it_sport hr_sjekira
hr_pogoršati it_dimenticare
hr_noga it_ginocchio
hr_zrakoplov it_cannone
hr_miš it_roditore
it_dilettante hr_stručnjak
hr_sreća it_emozione
it_ponte hr_brod
it_cavolfiore hr_brokula
it_profumo hr_dezodorans
it_guanto hr_rukavica_s_palcem
hr_lisica it_animale
hr_zmija it_rettile
it_crepuscolo hr_bogatstvo
hr_kobasica it_cibo
hr_točka it_ago
it_uragano hr_oluja
hr_izvoditi it_parlare
hr_kretati it_ondeggiare
it_fratello hr_sestra
it_insetto hr_komarac
hr_pogledati it_allungare
hr_kit it_cricket
it_gruppo hr_legija
hr_mlijeko it_liquido
it_accordo hr_klupa
hr_vrlina it_paesaggio
hr_štakor it_animale
hr_leš it_corpo
hr_odred it_gruppo
hr_matematika it_scienza
it_padre hr_violina
hr_čin it_dramma
it_fare hr_biti
it_dito_del_piede hr_stopalo
hr_violina it_violino
it_parlare hr_komunicirati
it_influenza hr_bolest
hr_stručnost it_abilità
it_minatore hr_radnik
it_fuoco hr_voda
it_coccodrillo hr_životinja
hr_formula it_panettiere
hr_noga it_coscia
hr_školjka it_cozza
hr_razbiti it_distruggere
hr_potok it_acqua
it_smoking hr_odjelo
it_oca hr_životinja
hr_torbica it_borsa
hr_branik it_auto
hr_korov it_pianta
it_annunciare hr_reći
hr_oblik it_prisma
it_chiedere hr_podsjetiti
it_clacson hr_automobil
hr_lav it_tigre
it_credenza hr_praznovjerje
hr_slon it_ufficiale
hr_potok it_corso_d'acqua
hr_jogurt it_cibo
hr_zgrada it_cattedrale
it_comunicazione hr_jezik
it_uomo hr_žena
hr_promatrati it_guardare
hr_kofein it_té
hr_hokej it_frase
it_separare hr_odvojiti
it_universo hr_svijet
it_attraversamento hr_kornjača
it_creatura hr_vuk
hr_kanta it_contenitore
it_catena hr_bicikl
it_puzzola hr_životinja
it_moglie hr_muž
hr_voće it_ciliegia
it_calcio hr_sport
hr_bogatstvo it_ricchezza
hr_nesposobnost it_capacità
hr_sok it_latte
it_psicologia hr_znanost
hr_kanarinac it_uccello
hr_bajka it_storia
hr_želudac it_addome
hr_službenik it_persona
hr_primjer it_esempio
it_tragedia hr_komedija
it_pianta hr_cvijet
it_racquetball hr_sport
hr_osoba it_lettore
hr_razjasniti it_spiegare
hr_orangutan it_primate
hr_skvoš it_sport
it_film hr_sunce
hr_hrast it_pino
hr_baciti it_fare_una_pausa
hr_skupina it_legione
it_animale hr_gmaz
hr_uragan it_tempesta
hr_fotelja it_mobilio
hr_časnik it_caporale
it_gamba hr_bedro
hr_prijelaz it_tartaruga
hr_prisjetiti_se it_chiedere
hr_slabost it_forza
it_saturno hr_venera
it_sonetto hr_pjesma
it_fiore hr_prekršaj
hr_bol it_sintomo
hr_praznovjerje it_credenza
it_coltello hr_mač
it_saturno hr_planet
hr_spremnik it_thermos
hr_promjer it_lunghezza
it_guadagnare hr_prasnuti
hr_kuhinja it_camera_da_letto
it_strumento hr_odvijač
it_splendere hr_blistati
hr_usta it_viso
hr_sumrak it_ricchezza
hr_organ it_rene
it_dolore hr_simptom
hr_komunikacija it_linguaggio
hr_lakat it_braccio
hr_obrazovanje it_impero
hr_galon it_pinta
hr_suprug it_serpente
it_squash hr_igra
hr_šarm it_attrattività
it_bevanda hr_pivo
it_fissare hr_pričvrstiti
it_cannone hr_pištolj
hr_znanje it_lungimiranza
hr_osoba it_persona_che_parla
hr_majmun it_umorismo
it_prendere_in_prestito hr_gnjaviti
hr_dimnjak it_cigno
hr_psihologija it_scienza
it_camionetta hr_vozilo
hr_bolest it_malattia
hr_jagoda it_mirtillo
hr_tama it_luce
hr_mjera it_gallone
hr_vrana it_uccello
it_colpevolezza hr_nevinost
it_ragione hr_intelekt
it_coraggio hr_hrabrost
it_scienza hr_anatomija
it_vicolo hr_put
it_crepuscolo hr_sumrak
it_rana hr_životinja
hr_mehaničar it_lavoratore
it_suolo hr_pljusak
it_ridere hr_plakati
hr_gmaz it_animale
it_gruppo hr_banda
it_relazione hr_odnos
it_settimana hr_mjesec
it_boccia hr_kuglanje
it_curva hr_praznovjerje
it_nota hr_poruka
it_scuotere hr_tonuti
it_pettirosso hr_ptica
hr_nadvladati it_superare
it_rimedio hr_uzrok
it_fluido hr_tipkovnica
hr_dvanaest it_numero
hr_naučiti it_giudicare
hr_stuba it_scalinata
it_lingua hr_grlo
it_istruzione hr_carstvo
hr_pomaknuti it_rimanere
hr_mravojed it_animale
it_colpire hr_trčati
it_acqua hr_led
it_reminiscenza hr_sjećanje
it_mirtillo hr_bobica
hr_nakit it_orecchino
hr_posuditi it_infastidire
hr_rima it_cena
it_ansia hr_osjećaj
hr_otac it_antenato
hr_tvor it_animale
hr_pogreb it_cerimonia
hr_gangster it_banda
hr_škiljiti it_guardare
hr_sluh it_vista
it_cristiano hr_crkva
it_felicità hr_emocija
it_prisma hr_oblik
it_persona hr_penjač
it_orchidea hr_biljka
it_scimmia hr_sisavac
it_tacco hr_čizma
hr_predak it_padre
hr_ovratnik it_collo
hr_maturalna it_festa
it_scimmia hr_primat
it_cavolo hr_povrće
it_cavallo hr_sisavac
hr_misa it_cerimonia
it_dare_una_pacca hr_dodirnuti
hr_rog it_toro
hr_košarka it_sport
it_destino hr_haljina
it_arancia hr_voće
it_calibro hr_nogostup
it_strumento hr_klavir
hr_analizirati it_sprecare
it_fratello hr_rod
it_capo hr_stopalo
hr_limeta it_frutta
hr_aritmetika it_matematica
hr_boca it_contenitore
hr_profesionalac it_professore
it_proteina hr_mlijeko
it_chirurgia hr_odmor
hr_metar it_unità
hr_košulja it_microscopio
it_caravan hr_vozilo
it_medicina hr_medikament
hr_napredovati it_ritirarsi
it_baseball hr_sport
hr_džip it_veicolo
it_motore hr_vlak
hr_vuk it_animale
hr_oznaka it_cartello
it_crema_pasticciera hr_zgrada
hr_pila it_strumento
hr_osuda it_verdetto
it_mora hr_hrana
hr_ubojica it_ladro
hr_pismo it_scritto
hr_mrziti it_riflettere
hr_klub it_confraternita
hr_automobil it_veicolo
hr_gutati it_sprecare
hr_braniti it_macchiare
it_guardare hr_vrednovati
it_muffola hr_rukavica
it_riflettere hr_razmišljati
it_gioielli hr_prsten
hr_junak it_furfante
hr_pamuk it_poliestere
it_vendere hr_potvrditi
it_dirigente hr_šef
it_elefante hr_časnik
it_tessuto hr_svila
hr_hamburger it_cibo
hr_četiri it_numero
it_pettegolezzo hr_glasina
it_spada hr_oružje
hr_skupina it_coro
it_sentimento hr_ljubomora
it_progettare hr_crtati
it_costruire hr_uništiti
hr_svađa it_conflitto
it_annientare hr_ubiti
hr_pogreška it_errore
hr_šljiva it_frutta
it_trattore hr_vozilo
it_tartaruga hr_životinja
it_giocattolo hr_igračka
hr_slaganje it_disaccordo
hr_zec it_sinagoga
it_luce hr_aura
it_bisturi hr_kanarinac
it_medicina hr_tableta
it_cassetto hr_komoda
it_rubino hr_dragulj
hr_nadražiti it_trascorrere
hr_sova it_uccello
hr_činiti it_essere
it_etichetta hr_znak
it_pisello hr_hrana
hr_blistati it_risplendere
it_elefante hr_sisavac
hr_umak it_sugo
it_passaggio hr_skakavac
hr_purica it_uccello
hr_gljiva it_mostro
it_blocco hr_prepreka
hr_tajfun it_tempesta
hr_odvijač it_strumento
hr_zid it_dipartimento
hr_škamp it_aragosta
it_mal_di_testa hr_bol
hr_automobil it_limousine
it_ferro hr_čelik
hr_redovnik it_avversario
it_tirare hr_gurnuti
it_pinguino hr_ptica
it_libertà hr_sloboda
it_metallo hr_društvo
hr_kralj it_monarca
hr_strpljenje it_impazienza
it_leone hr_tigar
it_catena hr_kanta
hr_riba it_branzino
hr_zeko it_coniglio
hr_bendžo it_strumento
it_sostantivo hr_glagol
hr_rukomet it_sport
hr_vjera it_religione
hr_bijes it_rabbia
it_lavoratore hr_tehničar
it_scacchi hr_igra
hr_atlas it_libro
hr_krava it_animale
hr_džogirati it_correre
it_fegato hr_organ
it_gallone hr_pinta
hr_zalazak it_sera
it_vincitore hr_pobjednik
hr_globus it_sfera
hr_lijek it_compressa
hr_violina it_strumento
it_trave hr_potpora
it_naso hr_lice
it_pizza hr_hrana
hr_safir it_gemma
it_leopardo hr_tigar
hr_ruž it_classe
it_sport hr_odbojka
hr_tjedan it_mese
hr_pitati it_richiamare
hr_sendvič it_cibo
hr_pivo it_alcol
it_aiutare hr_dodati
it_aroma hr_miris
it_aspettare hr_ugrabiti
hr_aligator it_rettile
hr_jug it_direzione
hr_mjerač it_marciapiede
it_astronomia hr_znanost
hr_kada it_bagno
hr_životinja it_anatra
hr_otkriti it_trovare
it_collo hr_potok
it_aggiungere hr_oduzeti
hr_antilop it_materiale
hr_pecivo it_cibo
hr_majmun it_animale
it_centinaio hr_iznos
it_capacità hr_rukovodstvo
it_guardare hr_rastegnuti
hr_pauzirati it_interrompere
hr_tkivo it_organo
it_nove hr_broj
hr_publikacija it_rivista
it_conoscenza hr_predviđanje
it_sposare hr_ujediniti
hr_sakriti it_sviluppare
it_ristabilire hr_pauzirati
hr_pauza it_correre
it_fallire hr_operirati
it_dimenticare hr_poreći
hr_čaša it_tazza
hr_slomiti it_schiacciare
it_idolo hr_mač
hr_koljač it_uccisore
it_analisi hr_studija
hr_udariti it_mancare
it_esercizio hr_aktivnost
it_ora hr_život
it_distruggere hr_ubiti
hr_lijes it_scatola
hr_traktor it_veicolo
hr_orao it_uccello
it_sei hr_broj
hr_nevinost it_uva
hr_krivnja it_sensazione
hr_svećenik it_rabbino
it_nocca hr_prst
hr_pisaći_stroj it_macchina
it_festa hr_događaj
it_tornado hr_oluja
it_fuori hr_unutra
hr_paluba it_nave
hr_šarka it_cancello
it_rene hr_organ
hr_sisavac it_elefante
hr_brava it_porta
hr_sljedbenik it_capo
it_ratto hr_životinja
it_ingrandire hr_povećati
hr_tuba it_strumento
hr_motocikl it_veicolo
hr_sila it_gravità
hr_uređaj it_microonde
hr_medij it_televisione
it_capra hr_dijete
it_luccio hr_riba
it_pony hr_konj
it_tennis hr_aktivnost
hr_kofein it_problema
it_sincerità hr_poštenje
hr_saksofon it_trattamento
it_sala hr_prolaz
it_dispositivo hr_telefon
it_principe hr_kapetan
it_cucchiaio hr_vilica
hr_grah it_cibo
it_udito hr_vid
hr_traktor it_camion
hr_komarac it_insetto
hr_prilog it_parola
it_liquido hr_tvar
it_fiammata hr_plamen
hr_simpatija it_sensazione
hr_skalpel it_canarino
hr_jazz it_musica
hr_oblik it_triangolo
hr_štuka it_pesce
hr_džin it_liquore
it_camicia hr_mikroskop
hr_lutka it_giocattolo
it_libro hr_atlas
hr_sudbina it_ruscello
hr_blokada it_barriera
hr_naušnica it_gioielli
hr_automobil it_treno
it_osso hr_čeljust
hr_nos it_viso
hr_rubnik it_lato
it_testa hr_tijelo
it_ipotesi hr_bazen
it_limousine hr_automobil
it_scienza hr_disciplina
hr_kontrola it_esperimento
hr_odbojka it_attività
it_guardare hr_pogledati
hr_uništiti it_assaggiare
it_sottaceto hr_hrana
it_lentiggine hr_točka
hr_cijena it_valore
it_otturatore hr_fotoaparat
hr_religija it_credenza
it_serratura hr_vrata
hr_dušik it_ossigeno
hr_krevet it_camera_da_letto
it_cerniera hr_hlače
it_serpente hr_slabost
it_vetro hr_prozor
it_personale hr_škola
hr_pivo it_bevanda
hr_stotina it_quantità
it_freccia hr_rana
it_corvo hr_ptica
it_capo hr_rep
hr_video it_televisione
hr_natrag it_fronte
it_strumento hr_truba
it_senso hr_sloboda
hr_vjeverica it_scoiattolo
it_società hr_skupina
hr_morž it_mammifero
hr_sjedalo it_trono
it_rame hr_novčanik
hr_aritmetika it_trigonometria
it_tacchino hr_ptica
hr_krilo it_aereo
hr_zatvarač it_pantaloni
it_hamburger hr_ptica
it_laccio hr_cipela
hr_rakun it_animale
hr_svjedočiti it_raccontare
hr_tegliti it_spostare
hr_kauč it_divano
it_guerra hr_anatomija
it_pallacanestro hr_sport
it_poeta hr_osoba
hr_preraditi it_sprecare
hr_čekić it_cancro
hr_stolica it_mobilio
hr_vještica it_donna
hr_pakao it_inferno
it_softball hr_sport
it_truffatore hr_bolest
hr_ladica it_ufficio
hr_rotkvica it_carota
it_microscopio hr_teleskop
it_disegno hr_skica
hr_naramenica it_reggiseno
it_veleno hr_toksin
it_cassetto hr_ured
it_professionista hr_stručnjak
it_anatra hr_ptica
it_minoranza hr_zahod
it_motociclo hr_vozilo
it_animale hr_spremnik
hr_obećanje it_scalare
hr_najlon it_materiale
hr_guska it_uccello
it_notizia hr_informacija
hr_smrt it_nascita
it_formula hr_pekar
it_gallone hr_mjera
hr_amater it_possesso
hr_alkohol it_sostanza
it_cavità hr_štakor
it_riciclare hr_baciti
hr_leš it_trono
it_spinaci hr_povrće
hr_sestra it_comunità_di_donne
it_topo hr_štakor
hr_cvrčak it_animale
it_rosa hr_vino
it_arma hr_pištolj
it_capo hr_igla
it_sicurezza hr_opasnost
hr_govoriti it_bussare
it_seguace hr_vođa
it_giocattolo hr_lutka
it_atrio hr_zgrada
it_ravanello hr_mrkva
hr_šaka it_braccio
hr_ubrzati it_costruire
hr_pokazati it_unire
it_fratello hr_bratstvo
hr_gusak it_uccello
it_anca hr_tijelo
hr_liječenje it_sassofono
hr_pramac it_sinistra
hr_komora it_fiaba
it_tenore hr_pjevač
hr_špinat it_verdura
it_architettura hr_voda
hr_osoba it_idolo
it_borsetta hr_zdjela
it_vocabolario hr_govor
hr_sport it_pallavolo
it_dodici hr_broj
it_bacca hr_trešnja
hr_unca it_misura
it_grano hr_žitarica
hr_instrument it_tromba
hr_palac it_piede
hr_sudbina it_vestito
it_pistola hr_vatreno_oružje
hr_bacač it_ricevitore
it_pala hr_kanta
hr_šepati it_camminare
hr_novčanik it_ventiquattrore
hr_zaboraviti it_diminuire
it_aritmetica hr_matematika
it_animale hr_slon
hr_krema it_costruzione
it_tessuto hr_most
it_capelli hr_sisavac
hr_ekipa it_squadra
it_semestre hr_sat
hr_značenje it_assurdità
it_eroina hr_žena
hr_stopa it_pollice
it_guardare hr_škiljiti
hr_čovjek it_enciclopedia
it_ravanello hr_povrće
it_agguantare hr_uloviti
hr_šansa it_opportunità
hr_dupin it_ossigeno
it_pugnale hr_nož
it_dinosauro hr_životinja
it_produttore hr_tvorac
hr_avenija it_strada
hr_dotaknuti it_afferrare
hr_gravitacija it_forza
hr_princ it_capitano
it_nuotare hr_trčati
it_dare hr_poslati
it_cratere hr_vulkan
hr_večera it_pasto
it_budino hr_desert
hr_isus it_dio
it_squadra hr_skupina
hr_neprijatelj it_coccodrillo
it_amore hr_osjećaj
hr_prekinuti it_iniziare
hr_rebro it_animale
hr_srna it_animale
hr_gorila it_scimmia
it_acqua hr_tekućina
hr_ljubomora it_sensazione
it_falce hr_alat
it_mascella hr_kost
it_tramonto hr_večer
hr_oklop it_tartaruga
hr_grah it_verdura
it_foca hr_životinja
hr_leksikon it_libro
it_portone hr_ulaz
it_stella hr_ljuska
it_chimico hr_znanstvenik
hr_stroj it_spezia
it_penna hr_flota
it_avverbio hr_riječ
it_fede hr_religija
it_uvetta hr_voće
hr_zidar it_lavoratore
it_intestino hr_trbuh
hr_instrument it_tuba
hr_sjena it_luce
it_re hr_vođa
hr_časopis it_taccuino
it_carrozza hr_kočija
it_politico hr_senator
hr_banana it_frutta
hr_zadirkivati it_eseguire
hr_vanilija it_gusto
it_perno hr_bik
it_latte hr_tekućina
hr_izlazak it_tramonto
it_cadavere hr_tron
it_guerra hr_sukob
hr_otrov it_veleno
it_professionista hr_profesor
it_sacerdote hr_rabin
it_cozza hr_plodovi_mora
it_medicazione hr_tretman
hr_vatra it_acqua
it_squadra hr_tim
hr_kriket it_gioco
it_viaggiare hr_autostopirati
it_stuzzicare hr_smetati
it_aspettare hr_oklijevati
it_poltrona hr_sjedalo
it_mammifero hr_slon
hr_breskva it_frutta
hr_napraviti it_costruire
it_matrimonio hr_igla
it_cerimonia hr_oštrica
it_rettile hr_životinja
it_tronco hr_oaza
hr_izvan it_dentro
hr_putovati it_fare_autostop
it_macchina hr_računalo
hr_šah it_gioco
it_mattina hr_noć
it_pranzo hr_večera
hr_puž it_animale
it_fungo hr_čudovište
it_papero hr_biologija
it_tacchino hr_meso
it_pianta hr_životinja
hr_trava it_midollo
hr_hipoteza it_piscina
hr_mikroskop it_telescopio
hr_potok it_tratto
it_cane hr_životinja
it_persona hr_građanin
it_fagiolo hr_hrana
it_pane hr_nogomet
hr_tehničar it_lavoratore
hr_slomiti it_spiegare
it_dare_la_colpa hr_staviti
hr_brat it_sorella
it_moglie hr_žena
it_procedura hr_suza
hr_med it_zucchero
hr_led it_ghiacciaio
it_baseball hr_igra
hr_vrat it_ruscello
it_stipendio hr_plaća
it_rompere hr_zdrobiti
it_mandria hr_skupina
it_proteina hr_meso
hr_labud it_animale
hr_mikrovalna it_apparecchio
it_presumere hr_razmišljati
hr_uzeti it_conservare
hr_bundeva it_zucca
it_tacco hr_cipela
it_accettare hr_poreći
it_ala hr_anđeo
it_sedano hr_hrana
it_erba hr_biljka
hr_obrok it_penna
hr_tražiti it_esaminare
hr_reći it_raccomandare
hr_tuljan it_aquilone
it_foca hr_zmaj
it_frammento hr_komad
hr_životinja it_ratto
it_quadrato hr_oblik
it_talpa hr_životinja
hr_biljka it_animale
hr_osa it_ape
it_festa hr_okupljanje
hr_odvažnost it_coraggio
hr_zemlja it_materia
hr_mačka it_aspetto
hr_rog it_auto
it_edificio hr_neboder
it_classe hr_skupina
hr_vozilo it_auto
it_vitello hr_životinja
hr_krokodil it_animale
hr_torbica it_cameriere
hr_metodist it_battista
hr_lipa it_nichelino
it_benzina hr_automobil
it_animale hr_janje
hr_spavaonica it_casa
hr_obrisati it_catturare
hr_autoritet it_potere
hr_profesor it_facoltà
hr_čeljust it_osso
it_cappotto hr_kamin
it_mettere hr_ljuljati
it_opossum hr_životinja
it_stomaco hr_trbuh
hr_prepreka it_muro
hr_ladica it_credenza
hr_rat it_conflitto
hr_bodež it_arma
it_persona hr_izdavač
hr_porcija it_quantità
it_bisturi hr_alat
hr_priznati it_ignorare
it_aquila hr_ptica
it_opportunità hr_prilika
it_mobilio hr_fotelja
it_focena hr_kit
hr_kruh it_calcio
it_mollusco hr_hrana
hr_polica it_armadietto
hr_autor it_creatore
it_arte hr_skulptura
hr_poslužiteljica it_cameriera
it_parlare hr_vrištati
hr_komarac it_saggezza
it_noce hr_stablo
hr_prizma it_forma
it_conferenza hr_sastanak
hr_glavobolja it_dolore
it_materiale hr_koža
hr_željeti it_separare
hr_pastuh it_toro
it_piccolo_insetto hr_insekt
it_anatomia hr_čovjek
it_chip hr_računalo
it_avvenimento hr_posteljina
it_puzzare hr_odbaciti
hr_jasle it_trattamento
hr_glava it_coda
hr_aroma it_manica
it_gene hr_kromosom
hr_krilo it_uccello
hr_žena it_braccialetto
it_nylon hr_pamuk
it_radio hr_medij
hr_analiza it_studio
hr_bakalar it_pesce
it_curva hr_cesta
it_cliente hr_osoba
hr_obrana it_attacco
hr_saksofon it_strumento
hr_sin it_figlia
hr_početak it_fine
hr_vježba it_attività
hr_srž it_osso
it_matematica hr_znanost
hr_helij it_gas
hr_sjekira it_strumento
it_tricheco hr_sisavac
hr_govoriti it_urlare
it_pranzo hr_violina
hr_peršin it_salvia
it_ufficiale hr_policija
hr_teren it_stadio
hr_anatomija it_umano
hr_tekućina it_tastiera
it_danno hr_šteta
hr_pamuk it_tessuto
hr_nakit it_anello
it_maiale hr_meso
hr_mozak it_movimento
hr_tjedan it_anno
it_caviglia hr_noga
hr_nogomet it_pallacanestro
hr_tišina it_suono
it_regione hr_partner
it_analisi hr_trigonometrija
hr_nada it_disperazione
it_topo hr_glodavac
hr_azija it_africa
it_thermos hr_spremnik
hr_drhtati it_tremare
it_bollire hr_zamrznuti
hr_tri it_sei
hr_atletičar it_atleta
it_sposa hr_vjenčanje
hr_lanac it_bicicletta
hr_krevet it_mobilio
hr_atom it_mitologia
hr_majka it_donna
it_prendere hr_zadržati
it_inzuppare hr_umočiti
it_assumere hr_pretpostaviti
hr_kralj it_capo
hr_kanu it_barca
it_miglio hr_inč
hr_lanac it_fasciatura
hr_komunikacija it_conversazione
hr_pogreška it_sovrano
it_frutti_di_mare hr_dagnja
it_fragola hr_voće
hr_znanost it_geologia
hr_pocrvenjeti it_chiarire
hr_manira it_stile
it_opinione hr_misao
it_tenere hr_dati
hr_aleja it_strada
it_rettile hr_aligator
hr_tekućina it_sostanza
hr_školjka it_cibo
it_sedano hr_povrće
it_insalata_di_cavolo hr_salata
it_monaco hr_protivnik
hr_kljova it_elefante
it_mangusta hr_životinja
it_masso hr_kamen
hr_zgrada it_grattacielo
hr_slika it_lavatrice
hr_burbon it_alcol
it_suggerire hr_reći
hr_pingvin it_animale
it_vescovo hr_kralj
it_sopraffare hr_uzrujati
it_spalla hr_tijelo
hr_otisak it_prova
hr_katedrala it_ferita
hr_zid it_camera
hr_guska it_tacchino
it_giorno hr_tjedan
hr_klupa it_posto_a_sedere
hr_odgovor it_domanda
it_fegato hr_biolog
it_dritta hr_zahod
hr_orah it_albero
it_gioiello hr_prsten
it_proteggere hr_braniti
it_forma hr_trokut
it_lattuga hr_hrana
it_picca hr_šiljak
it_compagno hr_brak
it_pedale hr_bicikl
it_ovest hr_smjer
hr_remi it_gioco
hr_reminiscencija it_memoria
it_lavatrice hr_uređaj
it_creatura hr_buba
hr_tvar it_acqua
it_lavoratore hr_stolar
hr_limun it_agrume
it_armatura hr_tavan
hr_poreći it_schiacciare
hr_klokan it_animale
it_aroma hr_rukav
it_albero hr_biljka
it_catena hr_zavoj
it_sicurezza hr_osiguranje
hr_čelik it_lama
hr_proizvođač it_creatore
hr_svemir it_mondo
it_compressa hr_pilula
hr_brak it_ago
it_persona hr_idol
hr_teza it_affermazione
it_camion hr_vozilo
it_brocca hr_posuda
hr_mrav it_insetto
hr_bršljan it_pianta
hr_životinja it_agnello
hr_naranča it_frutta
it_fondazione hr_organizacija
hr_nevjesta it_raduno
it_scarabocchiare hr_pisati
it_ondeggiare hr_micati_se
it_distruggere hr_okusiti
it_metro hr_mjera
it_ghiaccio hr_ledenjak
hr_ujediniti it_dividere
it_arma hr_mač
it_lavoratore hr_rad
it_missione hr_zadatak
it_ciliegia hr_grožđe
it_soffiare hr_puknuti
it_madre hr_žena
hr_amater it_paradiso
it_rifiutare hr_prihvatiti
it_quiz hr_test
hr_pozicija it_luogo
it_sassofono hr_tretman
it_semaforo hr_signal
hr_predak it_genitore
hr_saturn it_venere
it_re hr_monarh
it_controfiletto hr_meso
it_tifone hr_oluja
it_oca hr_purica
hr_korov it_veleno
hr_udariti it_far_scoppiare
hr_štititi it_difendere
it_richiesta hr_tražiti
hr_tlo it_doccia
hr_razbiti it_schiacciare
it_blu hr_boja
it_violino hr_violončelo
hr_papar it_sale
it_tastiera hr_ruka
hr_nomad it_persona
hr_leopard it_tigre
hr_partner it_matrimonio
it_stella hr_simbol
hr_tuga it_padre
it_formichiere hr_životinja
it_padre hr_predak
it_oboe hr_instrument
hr_osjećaj it_empatia
hr_baseball it_gioco
hr_brašno it_impasto
hr_golubica it_uccello
it_bevanda hr_tonik
hr_ruža it_vino
hr_dotaknuti it_pizzicare
it_lumaca hr_životinja
it_assassino hr_lopov
hr_značenje it_libertà
hr_večera it_dinosauro
hr_kupina it_frutta
hr_jezik it_comunicazione
it_lupo hr_stvorenje
it_rimorso hr_kajanje
hr_izblijediti it_svanire
it_conflitto hr_rat
hr_autocesta it_strada
it_pittura hr_umjetnost
it_mostrare hr_ujediniti
hr_mesar it_panettiere
it_dipendente hr_radnik
hr_dati it_inviare
it_auto hr_automobil
it_fare_un'osservazione hr_ubiti
it_scavatore hr_radnik
it_pane hr_sendvič
hr_ugušiti it_uccidere
it_destino hr_potok
it_avanzare hr_uzeti
hr_srce it_intelletto
it_zio hr_tetka
hr_ječam it_cibo
hr_kćer it_figlio
it_edera hr_biljka
it_sostantivo hr_pridjev
hr_oteti it_prendere
it_cavità hr_zub
it_concorrenza hr_utrka
it_cordolo hr_strana
hr_dom it_luogo
hr_majoneza it_cibo
it_macchiare hr_obrisati
hr_snaga it_capacità
hr_tjedan it_inizio
it_ala hr_zrakoplov
hr_zalogajnica it_ristorante
hr_vilica it_moda
it_cavolo hr_hrana
hr_kontaktna_leća it_lente
hr_redovnica it_softball
it_verdura hr_rajčica
it_diametro hr_dužina
it_serpente hr_životinja
hr_pjesma it_sonetto
hr_poremećaj it_ordine
it_pidocchio hr_buba
hr_geometrija it_matematica
it_legislatura hr_legija
hr_vratiti it_inviare
hr_zapovjednik it_tenente
it_estasi hr_osjećaj
hr_direktor it_supervisore
hr_odsutnost it_medicina
hr_taksi it_taxi
it_culmine hr_priča
it_porta hr_ulaz
hr_vrata it_ingresso
hr_povijest it_gioiello
it_avere_un_brivido hr_tresti_se
it_canarino hr_pero
it_elefante hr_predavanje
hr_rat it_anatomia
it_tamburo hr_instrument
hr_materijal it_gomma
hr_rog it_capra
it_dieci_centesimi hr_kuna
hr_fijaker it_carrozza
hr_kaktus it_pianta
hr_zvijezda it_conchiglia
it_liquore hr_džin
it_thermos hr_boca
hr_crijevo it_stomaco
it_dondolare hr_postaviti
it_brillare hr_sjajiti
hr_mir it_guerra
it_softball hr_nogomet
it_auto hr_limuzina
it_pistola hr_oružje
hr_ljubav it_sentimento
it_cerimonia hr_diploma
hr_talac it_prigioniero
it_disintegrare hr_spaliti
it_sostanza hr_voda
it_capovolgere hr_braniti
hr_hihotati_se it_ridere
hr_rep it_acqua
hr_rukovoditelj it_persona
it_malattia hr_zdravlje
hr_brat it_confraternita
hr_šest it_numero
hr_jetra it_organo
hr_ružičasta it_viola
hr_plin it_automobile
it_shock hr_reakcija
hr_stolica it_gabinetto
it_lavoratore hr_mehaničar
it_lime hr_voće
it_cascata hr_tenis
hr_zvijezda it_simbolo
hr_pridjev it_verbo
it_braccialetto hr_ogrlica
hr_imenica it_parola
it_erba hr_otrov
hr_nogomet it_sport
it_stuzzicare hr_gnjaviti
hr_pijetao it_pollo
it_edificio hr_katedrala
hr_kruh it_panino
hr_napasti it_rimuovere
hr_veza it_relazione
it_gamberetto hr_plodovi_mora
it_concerto hr_događaj
it_spatola hr_oruđe
it_martello hr_rak
hr_jutro it_intelligenza
hr_meso it_umano
hr_promatrati it_abbronzarsi
it_salvare hr_slomiti
it_distruggere hr_zdrobiti
hr_golf it_gioco
it_moglie hr_prsten
it_nozione hr_ustav
hr_svila it_materiale
hr_otac it_figlio
hr_saturn it_pianeta
it_religione hr_vjerovanje
hr_idol it_spada
it_prezzemolo hr_kadulja
hr_usluga it_sbaglio
hr_zahtijevati it_richiesta
hr_pivo it_liquido
hr_maramica it_pasto
hr_pijesak it_spiaggia
it_sei hr_sedam
hr_fotoaparat it_anatomia
hr_pamuk it_materiale
it_sporcizia hr_nečistoća
it_gufo hr_životinja
it_trigonometria hr_algebra
hr_zgrabiti it_prendere
it_imparare hr_suditi
hr_puknuti it_fare_scoppiare
it_sbaglio hr_greška
hr_metar it_misura
hr_bolest it_cancro
it_cassiere hr_osoba
hr_riba it_squalo
it_lettera hr_abeceda
it_lettera hr_tekst
it_che_sta_seduto hr_stajanje
hr_baterija it_agenzia
hr_podijeliti it_strappare
hr_kopač it_lavoratore
it_suora hr_softball
it_mandorla hr_kikiriki
it_tenore hr_gubitnik
hr_mlažnjak it_aereo
it_uccidere hr_ubiti
hr_časopis it_pubblicazione
hr_svjetlo it_segnale
hr_heroina it_donna
it_accelerare hr_izgraditi
hr_gulaš it_cibo
hr_kuhati it_congelare
it_virtù hr_pejzaž
hr_izdajnik it_ladro
it_tessuto hr_koža
hr_rotkvica it_verdura
hr_usta it_universo
hr_skalpel it_strumento
it_padre hr_majka
it_verde hr_žuta
hr_buba it_creatura
it_caffé hr_mlijeko
it_casco hr_zaštita
it_anatomia hr_znanost
hr_hrana it_salsiccia
it_dividere hr_dodati
it_vespa hr_pčela
it_lettore hr_osoba
hr_torta it_cibo
hr_namještaj it_poltrona
hr_prevrnuti it_difendere
it_confraternita hr_klub
hr_sporazum it_panchina
it_mollusco hr_dagnja
it_uccello hr_gusak
hr_kuk it_corpo
hr_crta it_unguento
it_motociclo hr_bicikl
hr_radnik it_lavoro
hr_košarka it_attività
hr_brašno it_nozze
hr_dohvatiti it_costruire
it_grattacielo hr_zgrada
hr_esej it_paragrafo
it_colt hr_pištolj
hr_voda it_pozzanghera
hr_radio it_mezzo_di_comunicazione
hr_podne it_giorno
it_polsino hr_rukav
it_destino hr_kob
it_bambola hr_igračka
it_speranza hr_očaj
hr_zadovoljstvo it_dolore
it_gara hr_natjecanje
it_attaccare hr_ukloniti
hr_rječnik it_discorso
hr_uređaj it_lavatrice
hr_majka it_femmina
hr_sjedenje it_che_sta_in_piedi
it_condanna hr_presuda
hr_simbol it_lettera
it_olimpiadi hr_događaj
it_persona hr_narod
it_tastiera hr_orgulje
hr_zanat it_lavoro_a_maglia
hr_prodavati it_riconoscere
it_lanciare hr_pauzirati
hr_službenik it_lavoratore
it_alba hr_zalazak
hr_dinosaur it_animale
hr_lijek it_trattamento
hr_sukob it_guerra
it_femmina hr_narukvica
it_rossetto hr_klasa
hr_vrlina it_qualità
it_cipolla hr_hrana
hr_pištolj it_arma
hr_jezgra it_atomo
it_scuotere hr_micati
hr_uvećati it_aumentare
hr_peta it_piede
hr_gutati it_vendere
hr_prepelica it_animale
hr_osoba it_scalatore
hr_profesionalac it_dilettante
it_cucinare hr_spaliti
hr_atmosfera it_killer
it_insegnante hr_profesionalac
hr_misliti it_sospettare
it_collana hr_narukvica
hr_gušter it_creatura
hr_kuhati it_stufare
hr_voda it_ghiaccio
hr_nadvladati it_irritare
hr_parfem it_deodorante
hr_konj it_stallone
hr_sisavac it_cane
it_smettere hr_početi
hr_tenor it_cantante
it_gomito hr_ruka
it_settimana hr_godina
it_creare hr_izgraditi
it_bagel hr_hrana
it_sedersi hr_stajati
hr_faza it_rapinatore
it_pistola hr_puška
it_mascella hr_lice
hr_trijem it_casa
hr_jaje it_architettura
hr_preporučiti it_consigliare
it_fiaba hr_priča
hr_pogledati it_valutare
it_parete hr_prepreka
hr_cvijet it_orchidea
hr_sutra it_ieri
hr_prsten it_gioielli
it_dito hr_rukavica
hr_obrok it_cena
it_otto hr_broj
it_falegname hr_radnik
hr_pero it_flotta
it_diamante hr_biser
hr_stršljen it_vespa
hr_supruga it_donna
hr_nula it_numero
it_ciliegia hr_voće
it_supporre hr_razmišljati
hr_pretpostavljati it_pensare
hr_šok it_reazione
it_trainare hr_vući
hr_glava it_puntina
it_tuba hr_instrument
hr_leđa it_corpo
hr_pećnica it_apparecchio
it_schiena hr_rame
hr_tuljan it_animale
hr_zob it_cereale
hr_dopustiti it_ritornare
it_viale hr_cesta
hr_pomaknuti it_scaricare
hr_izvedba it_posto_a_sedere
hr_kvadrat it_cerchio
it_proibire hr_spriječiti
hr_igra it_scacchi
hr_snaga it_argilla
hr_sirena it_segnale
hr_okno it_finestra
hr_angažman it_impegno
it_canoa hr_čamac
it_fabbricante hr_tvorac
hr_smokva it_cibo
hr_prolaz it_cavalletta
it_focus hr_pažnja
hr_strah it_tenore
it_lingua hr_usta
it_globo hr_sfera
it_emozione hr_osjećaj
it_mano hr_ruka
it_controllo hr_eksperiment
it_veranda hr_kuća
it_ritratto hr_slika
it_pallavolo hr_aktivnost
it_seta hr_pamuk
it_direttore hr_nadglednik
it_pasticcino hr_hrana
hr_tjestenina it_cibo
it_sposare hr_združiti
hr_pridjev it_parola
hr_stožac it_forma
it_popcorn hr_hrana
it_occhio hr_lice
it_contea hr_zemlja
it_rima hr_večera
it_argilla hr_cigla
it_tre hr_šest
it_veleno hr_otrov
hr_biolog it_chimico
it_miele hr_šećer
hr_kišobran it_ghiaccio
hr_zec it_cibo
it_fidanzamento hr_obveza
it_superstrada hr_cesta
hr_zadaća it_compito
hr_špic it_matita
hr_odvijač it_martello
it_banda hr_skupina
hr_pomoći it_aggiungere
it_squalo hr_riba
it_pubblicazione hr_časopis
it_mobilio hr_stolica
hr_problem it_difficoltà
hr_tragedija it_commedia
hr_gripa it_malattia
it_difendere hr_zaštititi
it_lontra hr_životinja
it_decomporsi hr_raspadati_se
it_calcolare hr_dostaviti
it_toccare hr_pogladiti
hr_vjedro it_secchio
hr_nokat it_dito_del_piede
it_biologia hr_područje
it_pianoforte hr_instrument
hr_keks it_cibo
hr_dodati it_sottrarre
hr_kupus it_verdura
it_atomo hr_mitologija
it_dritta hr_krma
hr_perilica it_apparecchio
it_tappeto hr_sag
hr_jug it_nord
it_baseball hr_nogomet
hr_zob it_cibo
it_mammifero hr_pas
it_bourbon hr_alkohol
hr_rum it_alcol
it_coro hr_skupina
hr_trigonometrija it_algebra
it_maionese hr_hrana
hr_bilješka it_messaggio
hr_poni it_cavallo
it_girare hr_razlikovati
it_distruggere hr_uništiti
it_biologo hr_kemičar
it_comprendere hr_krckati
it_nemico hr_krokodil
it_sorella hr_sestrinstvo
it_alligatore hr_gmaz
it_problema hr_teškoća
hr_zima it_stagione
hr_nož it_spada
hr_točka it_spada
it_inganno hr_prevara
it_tempo hr_prostor
hr_biljka it_rapa
hr_kukuruz it_cibo
it_frittella hr_vafl
hr_otac it_madre
it_veicolo hr_motocikl
hr_kliziti it_galleggiare
hr_užina it_cibo
it_sud hr_smjer
hr_otići it_arrivare
it_bicicletta hr_vozilo
it_orecchino hr_nakit
hr_čovjek it_donna
it_trota hr_riba
hr_uspon it_discesa
it_colpa hr_osjećaj
hr_novak it_principiante
it_difesa hr_napad
hr_pretpostaviti it_supporre
it_gelosia hr_osjećaj
hr_dupin it_mammifero
it_cerchio hr_oblik
it_guscio hr_kornjača
hr_tkivo it_ponte
hr_kaciga it_protezione
