hr_govoriti tr_vurmak
tr_hesap hr_trigonometrija
tr_konser hr_događaj
tr_oturmak hr_stajati
tr_et hr_čovjek
tr_taşıt hr_motocikl
hr_zglob tr_kol
hr_vatra tr_su
hr_odbojka tr_aktivite
tr_saklamak hr_razviti
hr_obrazovanje tr_okul
hr_novak tr_yeni_başlayan
hr_pećnica tr_cihaz
hr_med tr_şeker
tr_kız_çocuk hr_dijete
hr_nećak tr_kız_yeğen
tr_devlet_başkanı hr_vođa
tr_gelin hr_okupljanje
tr_kuru_üzüm hr_voće
tr_fare hr_glodavac
tr_bolluk hr_nestašica
tr_terapi hr_liječenje
tr_kari hr_muž
tr_polis hr_službenik
hr_biljka tr_turp
hr_uspjeti tr_başarısız_olmak
tr_durmak hr_početi
tr_raketbol hr_sport
hr_liječenje tr_saksofon
tr_ödev hr_zadatak
hr_gripa tr_hastalık
hr_tekućina tr_tuş_takımı
hr_luk tr_gıda
tr_akciğer hr_organ
hr_tipkovnica tr_org
tr_politikacı hr_senator
hr_tjeskoba tr_duygu
hr_rak tr_hayvan
tr_savunmak hr_zaštititi
tr_çilek hr_hrana
tr_yazı hr_pjesma
tr_dirsek hr_ruka
tr_mantar hr_biljka
hr_teletina tr_yiyecek
tr_kız_kardeş hr_sestrinstvo
hr_maramica tr_yemek
tr_hırsızlık hr_kriminal
tr_kanguru hr_životinja
hr_redovnica tr_softbol
tr_tost_makinası hr_uređaj
hr_traktor tr_araç
hr_eruptirati tr_patlamak
hr_čitatelj tr_kişi
tr_kek hr_hrana
hr_znanje tr_öngörü
tr_batı hr_smjer
hr_vodič tr_kitap
tr_mal_sahibi hr_osoba
tr_ayırmak hr_razdvojiti
tr_icat_etmek hr_stvoriti
tr_karaciğer hr_biolog
tr_patlamak hr_prasnuti
tr_kız_kardeş hr_rod
hr_bendžo tr_enstrüman
hr_nakit tr_yüzük
tr_söz_vermek hr_uspon
hr_bubreg tr_organ
tr_sivrisinek hr_insekt
hr_životinja tr_memeli
hr_fotoaparat tr_anatomi
tr_işçi hr_mehaničar
tr_beyzbol hr_nogomet
tr_çocuk hr_kćer
hr_pas tr_hayvan
hr_sok tr_süt
tr_kadın_ hr_prsten
hr_korov tr_zehir
hr_atmosfera tr_katil
tr_on_sent hr_kuna
hr_uređaj tr_fırın
hr_gljiva tr_canavar
hr_rana tr_yara_
tr_cilt hr_kosa
tr_in hr_špilja
hr_profesionalac tr_profesör
tr_üçgen hr_oblik
tr_ayak hr_biljka
hr_prijatelj tr_düşman
tr_konuşmak hr_kucati
tr_yengeç hr_životinja
tr_tutmak hr_dati
tr_unutmak hr_poreći
hr_političar tr_senatör
hr_zalazak tr_gün_doğumu
tr_güvercin hr_ptica
tr_levrek hr_riba
tr_heykel hr_crtež
tr_bina hr_neboder
hr_izračunati tr_hesaplamak
tr_kısım hr_postotak
tr_mikrodalga hr_uređaj
hr_guska tr_kuş
hr_bršljan tr_bitki
tr_duygu hr_empatija
tr_muz hr_voće
hr_sjesti tr_yatmak
hr_promišljati tr_düşünmek
tr_böbrek hr_organ
tr_deri hr_materijal
tr_göçebe hr_osoba
tr_azınlık hr_zahod
hr_poreći tr_ezmek
tr_hipotez hr_bazen
hr_znanost tr_matematik
hr_odlutati tr_süzülmek
hr_galon tr_ölçü
tr_plüton hr_planet
hr_lanac tr_bağlantı
tr_kaz hr_ptica
tr_suçlamak hr_optužiti
hr_odbor tr_grup
hr_peršin tr_adaçayı
hr_pogubiti tr_öldürmek
hr_balerina tr_dansçı
tr_yarışma hr_kalkulator
hr_instrument tr_piyano
hr_granit tr_taş
tr_madde hr_voda
tr_pirinç hr_hrana
hr_večera tr_dinozor
hr_crijevo tr_karaciğer
tr_hasret_olmak hr_željeti
hr_grožđica tr_meyve
tr_lolipop hr_slatkiš
tr_bacak hr_koljeno
hr_izvan tr_içeri
hr_rima tr_akşam_yemeği
tr_eklem hr_lakat
hr_rep tr_su
tr_kulübe hr_prenoćište
hr_sobarica tr_hizmetçi
tr_hasar hr_šteta
hr_pištolj tr_silah
hr_sardina tr_gıda
hr_rame tr_vücut
hr_majmun tr_mizah
tr_atom_çekirdeği hr_atom
hr_skupina tr_lejyon
tr_çözümlemek hr_upropastiti
hr_kuhati tr_yakmak
tr_vermek hr_poslati
hr_nadvladati tr_üzmek
hr_pozicija tr_yer
tr_tilki hr_životinja
tr_enstrüman hr_truba
tr_arzu_etmek hr_napad
hr_sreća tr_duygu
tr_sanatçı hr_tvorac
tr_klavye hr_računalo
tr_yeşil hr_plava
tr_su_birikintisi hr_voda
tr_pamuk hr_materijal
hr_okidač tr_tabanca
hr_hokej tr_spor
tr_kâbus hr_san
hr_redovnica tr_keşiş
tr_varsaymak hr_razmišljati
tr_balina hr_sisavac
tr_yapmak hr_biti
tr_dırdır_etmek hr_žaliti_se
hr_mir tr_savaş
tr_prizma hr_oblik
hr_autocesta tr_yol
hr_kirurgija tr_tatil
tr_şiir hr_tekst
hr_lopatica tr_mutfak_aleti
hr_klupa tr_oturma_yeri
hr_ruža tr_bitki
hr_društvo tr_insanlar
hr_rak tr_hastalık
tr_karides hr_jastog
tr_izin_vermek hr_prikačiti
hr_prljavština tr_kir
hr_obrok tr_dolma_kalem
tr_nehir hr_gospodar
hr_mlijeko tr_tereyağı
tr_mırıldanmak hr_zviždati
tr_kauçuk hr_materijal
tr_vicdan_azabı hr_kajanje
hr_držati tr_beklemek
tr_memur hr_policija
hr_pluća tr_organ
tr_kız_evlat hr_žensko
hr_osjećaj tr_kaygı
hr_smjesa tr_çözüm
hr_paluba tr_gemi
tr_arka hr_pročelje
tr_başyazı hr_novine
hr_vilica tr_moda
hr_slomiti tr_açıklamak
hr_radnica tr_kadın_garson
hr_životinja tr_sürüngen
tr_çürümek hr_raspadati_se
tr_papa hr_vođa
hr_otac tr_keman
tr_havuç hr_hrana
hr_pogreška tr_cetvel
hr_kolt tr_tabanca
tr_kunduz hr_životinja
hr_psihologija tr_bilim
hr_posada tr_grup
hr_brašno tr_hamur
tr_dokunmak hr_uštipnuti
tr_üzüntü hr_otac
tr_yardım_etmek hr_dodati
tr_kişi hr_građanin
hr_razbojnik tr_karanlık
hr_keks tr_gıda
hr_grožđe tr_uç
hr_glava tr_vücut
tr_ev hr_palača
tr_incir hr_datum
hr_alt tr_ses
hr_značenje tr_saçmalık
tr_cesaret hr_borbenost
hr_uplata tr_kira
hr_usna tr_ağız
tr_deniz_tarağı hr_hrana
hr_kontaktna_leća tr_lens
hr_posuditi tr_rahatsız_etmek
tr_resim hr_televizija
hr_slon tr_hayvan
hr_časopis tr_kitap
hr_simptom tr_ağrı
hr_plin tr_otomobil
hr_zec tr_hayvan
hr_vjedro tr_kova
tr_katil hr_ubojica
tr_dirgen hr_alat
tr_anlaşma hr_neslaganje
tr_amatör hr_raj
hr_osoba tr_mal_sahibi
hr_zarez tr_noktalama
hr_kupus tr_yiyecek
tr_yemek hr_večera
hr_sjedenje tr_ayakta
hr_badem tr_fıstık
tr_yelek hr_džemper
hr_palac tr_parmak
tr_başlangıç hr_kraj
hr_baseball tr_spor
tr_bütünlük hr_radnik
hr_sonet tr_şiir
tr_prosedür hr_suza
hr_cijev tr_tabanca
hr_rum tr_alkol
tr_kobra hr_zmija
hr_klub tr_kardeşlik
hr_atletičar tr_sporcu
hr_čovjek tr_memeli
tr_zambak hr_biljka
hr_čovjek tr_adam
tr_soul hr_glazba
tr_akışkan hr_tipkovnica
tr_kabak hr_hrana
tr_limuzin hr_vozilo
hr_bilješka tr_kızlar_birliği
tr_empati hr_osjećaj
tr_sırt hr_tijelo
tr_kavanoz hr_spremnik
hr_škamp tr_deniz_mahsulü
tr_görev hr_obaveza
tr_hokey hr_sport
hr_tekućina tr_madde
tr_kestane_rengi hr_boja
hr_jezgra tr_atom
hr_orao tr_kuş
tr_yarasa hr_životinja
tr_arzu_etmek hr_odvojiti
hr_zbor tr_grup
hr_šljiva tr_armut
tr_saldırı hr_ukloniti
hr_saturn tr_venüs
tr_anayasa hr_dokument
hr_djevojka tr_kadın
hr_šest tr_numara
tr_sallanmak hr_postaviti
tr_vurmak hr_promašiti
tr_keman hr_violončelo
tr_çarpım hr_iznos
tr_yatar_koltuk hr_sjedalo
hr_napasti tr_kaldır
hr_sudbina tr_denizci
tr_baca hr_labud
hr_kćer tr_kadın
hr_piramida tr_şekil
tr_şeftali hr_voće
tr_kanat hr_anđeo
tr_yudumlamak hr_gutati
hr_nogomet tr_basketbol
hr_ceremonija tr_cenaze
hr_komora tr_hücre
tr_dil hr_usta
hr_pisac tr_şair
tr_kask hr_zaštita
tr_opossum hr_životinja
hr_jastuk tr_dolgu_malzemesi
hr_sram tr_rezalet
tr_hayvan hr_gmaz
hr_tegliti tr_taşımak
tr_diş hr_pila
hr_širina tr_yükseklik
hr_knjiga tr_atlas
tr_peynir hr_maslac
tr_alev hr_zadovoljstvo
hr_gutati tr_atık
tr_tabut hr_kovčeg
hr_džungla tr_orman
hr_pitati tr_hatırlamak
hr_političar tr_vali
tr_veri hr_informacija
hr_janje tr_hayvan
tr_bölüm hr_jedinica
tr_ödünç_almak hr_gnjaviti
tr_tabanca hr_pištolj
tr_yeterlilik hr_sposobnost
hr_ladica tr_şifoniyer
tr_sözleşme hr_sporazum
hr_faza tr_kademe
hr_tvrditi tr_söylemek
hr_životinja tr_kap
hr_terapija tr_tedavi
hr_talent tr_kabiliyet
tr_kaldırım hr_nogostup
tr_anatomi hr_znanost
hr_koljeno tr_eklem
tr_maksimum hr_ograničenje
tr_soğan hr_hrana
tr_beşik hr_liječenje
hr_užina tr_yemek
tr_çerçeve hr_prozor
hr_kvadrat tr_dikdörtgen
hr_violina tr_keman
tr_kâtip hr_račun
tr_dağılmak hr_spaliti
hr_dijete tr_kız_çocuk
hr_staviti tr_vermek
hr_kirurg tr_doktor
hr_trešnja tr_üzüm
hr_skupina tr_çete
hr_noga tr_kol
hr_uništiti tr_tadına_bakmak
tr_sandviç hr_hrana
tr_kürek hr_alat
hr_breskva tr_meyve
tr_dudak hr_jezik
hr_hrana tr_arpa
tr_öğle_vakti hr_dan
hr_insekt tr_sivrisinek
hr_stopa tr_inç
tr_reddetmek hr_zdrobiti
tr_yengeç hr_hrana
hr_krafna tr_yiyecek
hr_škamp tr_ıstakoz
hr_guska tr_hayvan
hr_razlagati_se tr_çürümek
tr_el_çantası hr_zdjela
hr_telefon tr_cihaz
hr_stožac tr_şekil
tr_sağanak hr_kiša
tr_kaymak hr_micati_se
tr_kış hr_period
tr_duvar hr_prepreka
hr_izvedba tr_oturma_yeri
hr_zipka tr_beşik
tr_futbol hr_sport
tr_öldürmek hr_ugušiti
hr_stopalo tr_bacak
tr_rimel hr_ruž
tr_gümüş hr_zlato
tr_doku hr_most
tr_tosbağa hr_životinja
tr_eşya hr_perilica
hr_lijek tr_ilaç
hr_odlutati tr_hareket_etmek
tr_mandalina hr_voće
hr_otići tr_varmak
hr_preraditi tr_boşa_harcamak
hr_ulica tr_karides
tr_toplamak hr_oduzeti
tr_kapı hr_ulaz
hr_ustati tr_alçalmak
tr_kanat hr_koža
hr_tuga tr_baba
hr_početak tr_son
tr_yetkinlik hr_rat
tr_vatandaş hr_prodavač
hr_brava tr_kapı
hr_jaje tr_mimari
tr_beher hr_kup
tr_ayarlamak hr_ljuljati
tr_eğri hr_praznovjerje
hr_most tr_karşı
hr_gaćice tr_iç_çamaşırı
hr_neovisnost tr_özgürlük
tr_ilaç hr_saksofon
tr_süt hr_tekućina
tr_suçlama hr_staviti
hr_morski_pas tr_balık
hr_safir tr_taş
hr_slovo tr_alfabe
tr_naylon hr_pamuk
tr_çimdiklemek hr_dodirnuti
hr_pita tr_yiyecek
hr_mehaničar tr_çalışan
tr_cesaret hr_hrabrost
tr_kutu hr_kutija
tr_göğüs hr_purica
tr_pişmanlık hr_krivnja
hr_dvorana tr_geçit
hr_školjka tr_yiyecek
hr_članak tr_parmak
hr_spremnik tr_şişe
tr_bakır hr_mjed
hr_saksofon tr_tedavi
tr_sahne hr_film
hr_građanin tr_satış_elemanı
tr_çimento hr_kamen
hr_puž tr_cesaret
hr_zaboraviti tr_azaltmak
hr_felga tr_tekerlek
tr_erik hr_kruška
tr_kazıcı hr_rudar
tr_kamyon hr_vozilo
hr_tipkovnica tr_bilgisayar
tr_kurul hr_skupina
tr_kaldırmak hr_istovariti
hr_puška tr_silah
hr_snaga tr_kil
hr_osjećaj tr_kıskançlık
tr_müzik hr_zvuk
hr_harfa tr_enstrüman
hr_skalpel tr_kanarya
hr_svila tr_malzeme
tr_keman hr_instrument
tr_kızılgerdan hr_ptica
hr_branik tr_araba
hr_žena tr_sanat
tr_kiraz hr_grožđe
tr_kafein hr_problem
hr_glava tr_ok
hr_tipkovnica tr_daktilo
tr_lahana hr_hrana
hr_zelena tr_sarı
tr_kaz hr_purica
hr_skrenuti tr_farklılık_göstermek
hr_natjecanje tr_hesap_makinesi
hr_promatrati tr_durmak
hr_mačka tr_memeli
hr_bodež tr_silah
tr_geçit hr_put
tr_memeli hr_dupin
tr_balina hr_kriket
hr_zaudarati tr_yollamak
hr_džin tr_likör
hr_tlo tr_duş
hr_vijak tr_kilit
hr_rak tr_gıda
tr_ot hr_biljka
tr_timsah hr_životinja
hr_svila tr_pamuk
hr_naslov tr_teknik
hr_udariti tr_kaçırmak
hr_pubertet tr_dönem
tr_sıvazlama hr_dodirnuti
tr_kurbağa hr_životinja
hr_vuk tr_hayvan
hr_šampion tr_kazanan
hr_helij tr_gaz
tr_karışım hr_otopina
hr_olimpijada tr_etkinlik
tr_toplam hr_iznos
tr_bilek hr_ruka
tr_boynuz hr_koza
hr_tipkovnica tr_kol
hr_uš tr_böcek
tr_profesyonel hr_profesor
tr_tüfek hr_vatreno_oružje
hr_alat tr_tornavida
hr_trbuh tr_vücut
hr_flauta tr_müzik_aleti
hr_pokret tr_aksiyon
tr_araba hr_limuzina
tr_siren hr_signal
hr_uskrs tr_tatil
tr_kil hr_cigla
hr_mačka tr_hayvan
tr_ayin hr_događaj
tr_sormak hr_podsjetiti
hr_komarac tr_böcek
hr_kralj tr_önder
tr_pişirmek hr_dinstati
tr_ipek hr_materijal
tr_yatak hr_namještaj
hr_pisaći_stroj tr_makine
tr_söylemek hr_preporučiti
tr_adım hr_stubište
hr_pravnik tr_avukat
tr_arkadaş hr_protivnik
tr_geri_dönüşüm hr_baciti
tr_kredi hr_kupina
tr_araç hr_televizija
hr_utočište tr_barınak
tr_dikdörtgen hr_kvadrat
hr_stvorenje tr_kurt
hr_trač tr_söylenti
hr_dušik tr_element
hr_trokut tr_şekil
tr_gaz hr_automobil
tr_metal hr_društvo
tr_deve hr_životinja
hr_pljoska tr_şişe
tr_köfte hr_hrana
tr_mağaza hr_dućan
tr_amatör hr_posjed
tr_toprak hr_pljusak
hr_rukavica_s_palcem tr_eldiven
tr_patlama hr_buka
tr_yüzük hr_nakit
hr_pijesak tr_plaj
hr_blagajnik tr_kişi
tr_takı hr_naušnica
tr_hamburger hr_ptica
hr_pakao tr_cehennem
hr_uređaj tr_bulaşık_makinesi
tr_ölçü hr_nogostup
tr_küpe hr_nakit
hr_sport tr_voleybol
tr_bezelye hr_hrana
hr_odjeljak tr_bölüm
hr_skalpel tr_alet
hr_čovjekoliki_majmun tr_memeli
hr_dom tr_yer
hr_sljedbenik tr_lider
hr_azija tr_afrika
tr_hançer hr_oružje
tr_astronomi hr_znanost
tr_tonoz hr_banka
tr_ilerlemek hr_povlačiti_se
hr_prtljažnik tr_araba
hr_osjećaj tr_coşku
tr_bulaşık_makinesi hr_uređaj
tr_tezgahtar hr_radnik
hr_teren tr_stadyum
hr_reći tr_önermek
hr_ogrlica tr_bilezik
tr_heykel hr_figura
tr_nikotin hr_duhan
hr_lisica tr_hayvan
hr_promjer tr_uzunluk
hr_atom tr_mitoloji
hr_instrument tr_gitar
hr_stroj tr_baharat
tr_akım hr_linija
tr_ince_espri hr_humor
hr_mjerač tr_kaldırım
tr_yutmak hr_prodavati
tr_kamyonet hr_vozilo
hr_inč tr_ölçü
hr_prst tr_eldiven
hr_životinja tr_ördek
tr_tablo hr_umjetnost
hr_uho tr_kafa
tr_okuyucu hr_osoba
tr_tören hr_oštrica
hr_sumnjati tr_düşünmek
tr_ilaç hr_tableta
tr_beşik hr_kolijevka
hr_odgovor tr_soru
tr_hafta hr_godina
tr_hedef hr_dlijeto
tr_kızdırmak hr_nastupati
hr_kikiriki tr_kaju
hr_tekst tr_şiir
hr_sat tr_hayat
tr_uçak hr_letjelica
tr_erkek_kardeş hr_rod
tr_sefalet hr_tuga
tr_dişi_koyun hr_ovca
tr_kum hr_plaža
tr_balçık hr_talog
tr_nakletmek hr_pomaknuti
tr_meşe hr_drvo
hr_gušter tr_hayvan
hr_materijal tr_deri
hr_deblo tr_fil
tr_istif hr_plast
hr_zid tr_bariyer
tr_üniversite hr_škola
hr_pločnik tr_kaldırım
tr_borazan hr_instrument
tr_dinozor hr_životinja
tr_soyguncu hr_tama
hr_torbica tr_garson
hr_alat tr_kürek
hr_željeti tr_ayırmak
tr_elmas hr_dragulj
hr_pojam tr_anayasa
hr_pivo tr_alkol
hr_peraja tr_balık
tr_ayrılmak hr_kontrolirati
hr_madrac tr_ilave
tr_pizza hr_hrana
tr_barış hr_rat
tr_ifade_vermek hr_reći
tr_göz_atmak hr_gledati
hr_zafrkavati tr_sinir_etmek
hr_umjetnost tr_heykel
tr_orman hr_šuma
hr_pismo tr_yazı
hr_tikvica tr_yiyecek
hr_tenis tr_aktivite
hr_trešnja tr_meyve
tr_motosiklet hr_vozilo
tr_ceset hr_tron
tr_mantar hr_čudovište
tr_parmak hr_rukavica
hr_cigareta tr_puro
hr_tenor tr_ezik
tr_matematik hr_znanost
hr_pustiti tr_tutmak
tr_davul hr_instrument
hr_plivati tr_batmak
hr_skupina tr_personel
tr_coşku hr_osjećaj
hr_mikroskop tr_teleskop
tr_toplantı hr_konferencija
hr_praznovjerje tr_inanç
tr_baba hr_majka
hr_nokat tr_parmak
tr_kaşık hr_vilica
hr_dati tr_göndermek
hr_analizirati tr_atık
tr_kanat hr_šišmiš
hr_zagađenje tr_tekne
hr_pogledati tr_germek
hr_dabar tr_hayvan
hr_simptom tr_hastalık
hr_kuhati tr_güveç
hr_odabir tr_tercih
tr_azot hr_vodik
hr_tjestenina tr_salata
tr_şarkıcı hr_dokaz
hr_konj tr_memeli
tr_kontrol hr_eksperiment
tr_hayvan hr_janje
hr_srž tr_kemik
hr_aritmetika tr_marul
hr_crvendać tr_kuş
tr_tuş_takımı hr_orgulje
hr_mlijeko tr_sıvı
hr_patka tr_kuş
tr_malzeme hr_najlon
hr_ladica tr_sıra
hr_amater tr_cennet
tr_kişi hr_čitatelj
tr_nefret_etmek hr_odraziti
hr_pokret tr_hareket
tr_kumaş hr_svila
tr_vazgeçmek hr_tresti
tr_yüzgeç hr_riba
tr_yıkmak hr_okusiti
tr_atıcı hr_hvatač
hr_koža tr_malzeme
hr_razgovor tr_iletişim
tr_lobi hr_zgrada
hr_lutka tr_oyuncak
tr_oğul hr_kćer
hr_dvoje tr_çift
hr_princ tr_kaptan
hr_brašno tr_ekmek
hr_presaditi tr_hareket_etmek
hr_barakuda tr_balık
hr_glina tr_tuğla
hr_rog_jelena tr_boynuz
hr_plivati tr_koşmak
tr_ipek hr_tkanina
tr_sebze hr_špinat
hr_šupljina tr_diş
hr_priznati tr_satın_almak
tr_kahve hr_mlijeko
hr_lijek tr_sebep
tr_bilim hr_geologija
hr_krilo tr_kuş
tr_klavye hr_pisaći_stroj
tr_hanım hr_dvorac
tr_kirlilik hr_čamac
hr_kiselina tr_kabuk
tr_ay hr_godina
hr_duga tr_gökyüzü
hr_aroma tr_kol
hr_proizvod tr_toplam
hr_zmija tr_zayıflık
tr_at hr_pastuh
hr_odrezak tr_yiyecek
tr_bezelye hr_povrće
hr_soul tr_müzik
hr_remi tr_oyun
hr_priznati tr_inkar_etmek
tr_beyin hr_pokret
tr_öğle_yemeği hr_večera
hr_organ tr_böbrek
tr_lahana_salatası hr_hrana
tr_geometri hr_matematika
tr_hareket_etmek hr_naguravati
tr_iskele hr_most
hr_pobjednik tr_ezik
hr_tanjur tr_kaşık
tr_arka hr_naprijed
tr_tören hr_diploma
tr_su_samuru hr_životinja
hr_karavan tr_araç
tr_karanfil hr_biljka
tr_el hr_ruka
hr_slabost tr_kuvvet
hr_kivi tr_meyve
hr_postaviti tr_varsaymak
hr_patka tr_hayvan
tr_mobilya hr_fotelja
tr_boğaz hr_vrat
hr_pamuk tr_yün
tr_kimya hr_nož
tr_yok_olmak hr_izblijediti
tr_soda hr_tekućina
tr_kabak hr_povrće
hr_okriviti tr_suçlamak
tr_yasaklamak hr_spriječiti
hr_izgraditi tr_mola
tr_cin hr_piće
tr_zanaat hr_pletenje
tr_üç hr_šest
hr_igra tr_satranç
tr_küçük_kırmızı_meyve hr_trešnja
hr_kofein tr_sorun
tr_şelale hr_tenis
hr_umjetnik tr_yaratıcı
tr_çalıştırmak hr_kontrolirati
tr_atmak hr_pauzirati
tr_başkan hr_vođa
tr_kaktüs hr_biljka
tr_çekmece hr_stol
hr_ljubav tr_duygu
hr_ječam tr_gıda
tr_turşu hr_hrana
tr_gökdelen hr_zgrada
hr_pećina tr_mağara
hr_napredovati tr_geri_çekilmek
hr_mungos tr_hayvan
tr_inşa_etmek hr_uništiti
tr_ara_vermek hr_objasniti
tr_kedi hr_životinja
hr_bijeda tr_üzüntü
hr_odreći_se tr_sallamak
hr_gorila tr_primat
tr_cıvata hr_brava
hr_sarma tr_gıda
tr_balık hr_morski_pas
hr_špijun tr_ajans
tr_kazıcı hr_radnik
tr_kitap hr_enciklopedija
tr_çalışan hr_tehničar
tr_askı hr_grudnjak
hr_pitati tr_yalvarmak
tr_acemi hr_početnik
hr_imenica tr_fiil
tr_malzeme hr_guma
tr_yükselmek hr_pasti
tr_tabak hr_žlica
tr_futbol hr_košarka
hr_stetoskop tr_alet
tr_gülmek hr_plakati
tr_travma hr_ozljeda
tr_lokanta hr_restoran
hr_lanac tr_kova
hr_gradonačelnik tr_kişi
tr_traktör hr_vozilo
hr_motocikl tr_araç
hr_galon tr_pint
tr_un hr_kruh
hr_kraljica tr_imtiyaz
tr_kereviz hr_povrće
tr_şimdiki_zaman hr_budućnost
tr_bak hr_rastegnuti
tr_kuş_tüyü hr_ptica
hr_žlica tr_çatal
tr_dergi hr_publikacija
hr_sir tr_tereyağı
hr_vježba tr_aktivite
hr_ekstaza tr_duygu
tr_mezar_taşı hr_grob
hr_nerc tr_hayvan
hr_dan tr_hafta
hr_izgraditi tr_yapmak
tr_kedi hr_izgled
hr_skulptura tr_sanat
tr_gül hr_biljka
hr_stablo tr_orman
tr_basketbol hr_aktivnost
tr_lahana hr_povrće
tr_bölme hr_bajka
tr_kulüp hr_bratstvo
hr_droga tr_ot
tr_boynuz hr_rog
tr_mutluluk hr_emocija
tr_kapmak hr_uzeti
tr_prenses hr_princ
tr_video hr_televizija
tr_un hr_vjenčanje
hr_voće tr_kiraz
hr_pokazati tr_birleştirmek
tr_orkide hr_cvijet
tr_boynuz hr_bik
hr_progutati tr_yutmak
tr_otomobil hr_vozilo
tr_yanıt hr_odgovor
hr_sadašnjost tr_gelecek
hr_scena tr_resim
tr_bulvar hr_ulica
hr_pero tr_kuş
hr_izabrati tr_seçmek
tr_mermer hr_kamen
tr_yıkmak hr_ubiti
hr_taksi tr_taksi
tr_aşk hr_osjećaj
hr_lipa tr_bozuk_para
tr_hırsızlık hr_dodatak
hr_rotkvica tr_sebze
tr_fok hr_sisavac
hr_kositar tr_alüminyum
tr_olimpiyatlar hr_događaj
hr_slika tr_televizyon
hr_dopustiti tr_dönmek
hr_princeza tr_prens
hr_razlikovati_se tr_anlaşmak
hr_majoneza tr_gıda
hr_uništiti tr_öldürmek
tr_sıvı hr_tvar
tr_amatör hr_stručnjak
hr_cement tr_taş
hr_rulja tr_grup
tr_klavye hr_ruka
tr_silah hr_mač
tr_caz hr_glazba
tr_diz hr_zglob
hr_dohvatiti tr_artırmak
hr_rat tr_anatomi
hr_prisjetiti_se tr_sormak
tr_ölçü hr_galon
tr_kabul_etmek hr_zanemariti
hr_vući tr_itmek
tr_çatal hr_moda
tr_sarsmak hr_zafrkavati
tr_kafein hr_kava
tr_salon hr_sjediti
hr_dagnja tr_deniz_ürünleri
hr_slika tr_sanat
hr_brat tr_kız_kardeş
hr_simptom tr_orkide
hr_trava tr_ilik
hr_vojska tr_demokrasi
tr_gıda hr_ječam
hr_zamjenica tr_sözcük
tr_yokluk hr_medicina
hr_automobil tr_limuzin
tr_fermuar hr_hlače
tr_yatak hr_spavaonica
hr_kemija tr_bıçak
hr_slaganje tr_anlaşmazlık
tr_geçit hr_kornjača
tr_hastalık hr_oboljenje
tr_ayırmak hr_podijeliti
tr_kabuk hr_kornjača
tr_yok_etmek hr_ubiti
hr_strijela tr_yara
hr_kava tr_süt
tr_böğürtlen hr_hrana
hr_dijamant tr_taş
tr_tabanca hr_oružje
tr_galon hr_pinta
hr_mladež tr_grup
hr_lijes tr_kutu
hr_kanarinac tr_kuş
tr_salmak hr_zadržati
tr_gümüş hr_metal
tr_amca hr_tetka
hr_kit tr_mağara
hr_hobi tr_ilgi_alanı
hr_uređaj tr_buzdolabı
tr_anne hr_otac
tr_sevinç hr_tuga
tr_silmek hr_uloviti
tr_oksijen hr_plin
tr_gün_doğumu hr_zalazak
tr_ön hr_pozadina
tr_tetik hr_pištolj
hr_veslo tr_kürek
tr_marul hr_hrana
tr_oyun hr_događaj
hr_video tr_televizyon
tr_atom hr_mitologija
tr_çalışan hr_zidar
tr_psikoloji hr_znanost
tr_ilaç hr_tretman
tr_mimari hr_voda
tr_kuruş hr_novčić
hr_sfera tr_şekil
tr_hristiyan hr_crkva
tr_çap hr_dužina
hr_zglob tr_dirsek
hr_vrlina tr_manzara
hr_partner tr_evlilik
hr_pšenica tr_tahıl
hr_stopalo tr_bitki
hr_žena tr_kadın_kahraman
hr_kamin tr_baca
tr_çatı_katı hr_kuća
hr_dojam tr_bulvar
hr_zrakoplov tr_top
tr_sorgulamak hr_razmišljati
tr_inmek hr_stvoriti
tr_timsah hr_gmaz
tr_oturmak hr_leći
hr_zmaj tr_kuş
hr_svila tr_kumaş
hr_pomaknuti tr_kalmak
hr_uštipnuti tr_dokunmak
hr_sjever tr_güney
tr_şaka hr_humor
tr_tavanarası hr_kuća
tr_üzüm hr_ekstremitet
tr_hareket_etmek hr_istovariti
tr_sürü hr_skupina
hr_zlostavljati tr_kötü_davranmak
tr_tornavida hr_čekić
tr_sıkı_tutmak hr_krckati
tr_tabanca hr_vatreno_oružje
hr_svratište tr_han
tr_metre hr_mjera
hr_narukvica tr_kolye
tr_çocuk hr_koza
tr_şafak hr_dan
hr_poremećaj tr_düzen
tr_organ hr_bubreg
hr_povjetarac tr_rüzgar
hr_žena tr_yüzük
hr_policajac tr_memur
tr_cerrah hr_liječnik
tr_duvar hr_odjel
tr_katılım hr_izgled
tr_doku hr_kost
tr_çalı hr_grm
tr_paket hr_omotnica
hr_nevjesta tr_toplanma
tr_trompet hr_instrument
tr_veranda hr_kuća
hr_dupin tr_memeli
hr_sova tr_kuş
tr_hamburger hr_hrana
tr_satürn hr_planet
hr_ujediniti tr_bölmek
hr_dotaknuti tr_sıvazlamak
hr_simpatija tr_duygu
tr_pamuk hr_vuna
tr_karayolu hr_cesta
tr_insan hr_enciklopedija
tr_çekmece hr_komoda
tr_utanç hr_sramota
tr_makarna hr_salata
tr_domuz_eti hr_meso
hr_farmer tr_çalışan
tr_bölmek hr_razderati
tr_yönetici hr_osoba
hr_mlažnjak tr_uçak
tr_cesat hr_glagol
tr_karaciğer hr_srce
tr_koca hr_zmija
hr_odvažnost tr_cesaret
tr_güç hr_glina
tr_skalpel hr_alat
tr_öğrenmek hr_suditi
tr_grup hr_banda
hr_čarapa tr_külotlu_çorap
hr_ljuljati tr_ayarlamak
hr_janje tr_koyun
tr_kız hr_osoba
hr_deva tr_hayvan
hr_slomiti tr_çatırdamak
tr_taklit_yapmak hr_namočiti
tr_yeşil hr_žuta
tr_tutmak hr_čekati
tr_kader hr_mornar
hr_krilo tr_uçak
hr_životinja tr_kuzu
hr_princeza tr_talih
hr_trijem tr_ev
tr_portre hr_slika
hr_oprostiti tr_ikna_etmek
tr_cebir hr_matematika
hr_pizza tr_yiyecek
hr_gledati tr_kısık_bakmak
tr_yılan hr_gmaz
tr_kaygı hr_osjećaj
hr_natrag tr_ön
tr_gemi hr_vozilo
hr_tvorac tr_sanatçı
hr_proizvođač tr_yapıcı
hr_žena tr_koca
tr_alkol hr_supstanca
hr_glava tr_toplu_iğne
tr_burun hr_lice
hr_bijes tr_sinir
hr_pilula tr_ilaç
hr_zora tr_gün
hr_predvorje tr_ipek
hr_pokajanje tr_pişmanlık
tr_yulaf hr_žitarica
tr_ayin hr_običaj
tr_böğürtlen hr_voće
tr_satmak hr_kupiti
tr_otoban hr_cesta
hr_leš tr_vücut
tr_satmak hr_potvrditi
hr_slap tr_tenis
tr_katedral hr_ozljeda
hr_mikrovalna tr_cihaz
hr_zahod tr_iletişim
hr_krumpir tr_domates
tr_inşa_etmek hr_stvoriti
tr_kova hr_kanta
hr_zadaća tr_talimat
tr_kadın_kahraman hr_žena
tr_burbon hr_alkohol
hr_vozilo tr_motosiklet
tr_anlam hr_besmislica
tr_deniz_tarağı hr_plodovi_mora
tr_penguen hr_životinja
hr_vrhunac tr_hikaye
hr_karfiol tr_brokoli
hr_časopis tr_yayın
hr_migrena tr_baş_ağrısı
hr_ovratnik tr_boyun
tr_kertenkele hr_životinja
hr_uzdizati_se tr_ayrılmak
hr_religija tr_inanç
tr_hidrojen hr_helij
hr_gmaz tr_hayvan
hr_vozilo tr_araba
hr_krađa tr_ilave
hr_svjetiljka tr_masa
hr_tkivo tr_organ
tr_iskarmoz_balığı hr_riba
hr_fotelja tr_mobilya
tr_konuşmak hr_savjetovati
hr_gen tr_kromozom
tr_voleybol hr_aktivnost
tr_gözlemek hr_zaustaviti
hr_novine tr_memur
tr_baş_ağrısı hr_bol
hr_zabraniti tr_izin_vermemek
tr_kafa hr_tijelo
tr_suç hr_nevinost
hr_slika tr_yıkayıcı
hr_čekati tr_kaçırmamak
tr_karides hr_plodovi_mora
hr_odvojiti tr_iliştirmek
tr_satış_elemanı hr_osoba
tr_detay hr_poanta
tr_fiyat hr_vrijednost
tr_sancak hr_zahod
tr_güreş hr_sport
tr_ateşkes hr_mir
hr_dragulj tr_taş
tr_cüzdan hr_aktovka
tr_karıncayiyen hr_životinja
tr_ata hr_otac
hr_kćer tr_oğul
hr_hihotati_se tr_gülmek
tr_zeytin hr_krastavac
hr_suma tr_miktar
hr_utakmica tr_etkinlik
hr_avenija tr_sokak
tr_puding hr_desert
hr_materijal tr_naylon
tr_çekmek hr_gurnuti
hr_jogurt tr_yiyecek
hr_časnik tr_polis
hr_sisavac tr_yunus_balığı
hr_autoritet tr_güç
tr_bakmak hr_škiljiti
tr_özgürlük hr_sloboda
tr_sürüklenmek hr_pomaknuti_se
hr_hipoteza tr_fikir
tr_kız hr_žena
tr_koymak hr_dati
hr_tikva tr_gıda
tr_boşluk hr_štakor
tr_şömine hr_dimnjak
hr_ptica tr_kaz
hr_svinjetina tr_et
tr_belediye_başkanı hr_osoba
tr_lahana_salatası hr_salata
tr_sarmaşık hr_biljka
hr_operirati tr_kontrol_etmek
tr_hesaplamak hr_računati
tr_saat hr_život
tr_isim hr_riječ
hr_utrka tr_yarışma
tr_oyun hr_šah
tr_dokunmak hr_zgrabiti
hr_geometrija tr_matematik
tr_diken hr_dikobraz
tr_basamak hr_stubište
hr_tenor tr_bas
hr_doći tr_ayrılmak
tr_korumak hr_braniti
hr_kriviti tr_içmek
tr_güney hr_smjer
tr_parti hr_događaj
tr_kriket hr_igra
hr_kaput tr_şömine
tr_yaratıcı hr_umjetnik
hr_pljusak tr_yağmur
hr_prasak tr_gürültü
hr_reći tr_ifade_vermek
hr_operacija tr_ruh
hr_maslina tr_turşu
tr_dişi_geyik hr_životinja
hr_brat tr_akrabalık
hr_piće tr_soda
tr_zevk hr_bol
tr_yüz_hattı hr_lice
tr_yol hr_autocesta
tr_hareket hr_aktivnost
tr_düşünce_paylaşmak hr_ubiti
tr_şarap hr_grožđe
tr_kokarca hr_životinja
tr_batıl_inanç hr_vjerovanje
hr_migrena tr_ağrı
tr_kız_evlat hr_sin
tr_beklemek hr_ugrabiti
hr_tama tr_flanel
hr_nevjerica tr_inanç
tr_tırmanmak hr_sići
tr_toplum hr_narod
hr_javor tr_ağaç
tr_düşman hr_protivnik
tr_fırın hr_štednjak
tr_baykuş hr_ptica
hr_usluga tr_hata
hr_radnik tr_marangoz
hr_glava tr_kuyruk
tr_üzüntü hr_radost
hr_razgovarati tr_tavsiye_vermek
tr_kafa hr_strijela
tr_dağcı hr_osoba
tr_dil hr_grlo
tr_küre hr_sfera
tr_toplanma hr_gozba
hr_potok tr_oksijen
tr_şekil hr_sfera
hr_plast tr_istif
hr_lisičine tr_kol
tr_yiyecek hr_kobasica
hr_traktor tr_kamyon
tr_hastalık hr_zdravlje
tr_jeoloji hr_misao
tr_damat hr_vjenčanje
hr_arhitektura tr_su
hr_grgeč tr_balık
tr_cehennem hr_pakao
hr_promatrati tr_yanık_ten
tr_üstlenmek hr_pretpostaviti
tr_tornavida hr_alat
tr_iletişim hr_jezik
hr_cvijet tr_kanguru
tr_maymun hr_životinja
hr_knjiga tr_ansiklopedi
hr_ručak tr_keman
hr_odgoditi tr_göstermek
tr_rahibe hr_softball
hr_mravojed tr_hayvan
tr_gökkuşağı hr_nebo
tr_hizmetçi hr_posluga
hr_svinjetina tr_domuz
hr_tikva tr_anlam
hr_krema tr_bina
tr_istismar_etmek hr_maltretirati
hr_publikacija tr_dergi
tr_kulak hr_glava
tr_gelmek hr_napustiti
hr_zanat tr_örme
tr_su hr_tvar
hr_mrkva tr_yiyecek
hr_automobil tr_araç
tr_seçim hr_izbor
tr_çürümek hr_propadati
hr_pauzirati tr_ara_vermek
hr_prositi tr_yudum_yudum_içmek
tr_anne hr_žena
hr_doba tr_zaman
hr_pomoći tr_eklemek
hr_računalo tr_makine
hr_cijena tr_değer
hr_kriket tr_oyun
tr_saman_yığını hr_gomila
tr_pozisyon hr_lokacija
hr_svemir tr_dünya
tr_bardak hr_kristal
tr_koca hr_supružnik
hr_iščeznuti tr_solmak
tr_ayak hr_inč
hr_anatomija tr_insan
tr_uzantı hr_dodatak
tr_golf hr_igra
hr_bolest tr_hastalık
tr_zırh hr_tavan
hr_celer tr_yiyecek
hr_tamnica tr_kale
hr_tamnica tr_hapis
tr_sahnelemek hr_pjevati
tr_kivi hr_voće
tr_çalışan hr_rad
hr_bjelančevina tr_süt
hr_prsluk tr_kazak
tr_ışık hr_aura
hr_miš tr_hayvan
tr_trajedi hr_komedija
hr_bubanj tr_müzik_aleti
hr_usna tr_dil
hr_peta tr_uyluk
tr_yatak_odası hr_dom
tr_görme hr_osjetilo
tr_iki_tekerlekli_hafif_araba hr_vozilo
tr_kolye hr_narukvica
tr_yapmak hr_razgovarati
tr_kumaş hr_pamuk
hr_voda tr_akışkan
hr_orhideja tr_çiçek
tr_kilit hr_vrata
hr_špinat tr_sebze
hr_slon tr_memeli
tr_kabak hr_značenje
tr_düzeltmek hr_pričvrstiti
hr_bol tr_semptom
tr_fiske hr_braniti
tr_kıkırdamak hr_smijati_se
tr_bahçıvan_küreği hr_lopata
hr_puding tr_tatlı
hr_ljenčariti tr_oturmak
hr_formula tr_fırıncı
tr_oksijen hr_voda
hr_kljova tr_fil
tr_boyun hr_potok
tr_dumanlı_sis hr_dostignuće
hr_pero tr_kirpi
tr_satranç hr_igra
hr_hipoteza tr_havuz
hr_džip tr_araç
hr_podbaciti tr_işletmek
tr_elmas hr_biser
tr_beyefendi hr_dama
tr_sözlük hr_knjiga
tr_metodist hr_baptist
tr_raf hr_ormar
tr_tepki hr_pitanje
hr_dohvatiti tr_kurmak
hr_sutra tr_dün
tr_kayıt_etmek hr_slomiti
hr_skupina tr_koro
tr_çekmek hr_nositi
hr_znanost tr_jeoloji
hr_meso tr_insan
hr_srce tr_akıl
hr_hobi tr_aktivite
tr_omlet hr_hrana
hr_baka tr_büyükbaba_veya_büyükanne
hr_želudac tr_karın
hr_katedrala tr_bina
hr_neprijatelj tr_timsah
tr_yatar_koltuk hr_namještaj
hr_popraviti tr_iliştirmek
hr_spavaonica tr_ev
tr_kaş hr_lice
hr_kobasica tr_gıda
hr_koza tr_oğlak
tr_çete hr_skupina
tr_deniz_tarağı hr_dagnja
hr_radnik tr_teknisyen
tr_köpekbalığı hr_riba
hr_odsutnost tr_bulunma
hr_cestarina tr_ücret
tr_gömlek hr_mikroskop
tr_öfke hr_ljutnja
tr_akşam_yemeği hr_obrok
hr_večera tr_yemek
hr_maslina tr_yiyecek
hr_pivo tr_sıvı
tr_piyano hr_instrument
hr_noga tr_sandalye
tr_yengeç hr_plodovi_mora
tr_su hr_tekućina
tr_çamur hr_religija
tr_aspirin hr_lijek
tr_hapis hr_zatvor
hr_milosrđe tr_iyilik
tr_hançer hr_nož
hr_celer tr_sebze
tr_çanta hr_konobar
hr_stručnost tr_kabiliyet
hr_rebro tr_hayvan
hr_namještaj tr_yatar_koltuk
tr_ayırmak hr_pričvrstiti
hr_krava tr_hayvan
hr_leksikon tr_kitap
hr_micati tr_acele_etmek
hr_objasniti tr_ifade_etmek
hr_peršin tr_gıda
hr_pročelje tr_arka
tr_korna hr_automobil
tr_sığınak hr_sklonište
tr_emniyet hr_opasnost
tr_fıstık hr_indijski_oraščić
hr_mandarina tr_çekirdek
tr_baba hr_violina
hr_povrće tr_domates
tr_sürüngen hr_životinja
hr_vrana tr_kuş
tr_tutmak hr_kontrolirati
hr_zapovjednik tr_lider
hr_zora tr_gün_batımı
hr_parfem tr_deodorant
hr_dužnost tr_yükümlülük
tr_beyzbol hr_sport
tr_sigara hr_cigara
hr_simfonija tr_müzik
hr_odbaciti tr_gitmek
hr_šarka tr_kapı
tr_hayvan hr_slon
tr_fitil hr_svijeća
tr_tampon hr_automobil
tr_balık hr_grgeč
tr_karın hr_tijelo
hr_sumrak tr_zenginlik
hr_kolačić tr_yiyecek
tr_parlamak hr_sjajiti
tr_kişi hr_penjač
hr_zob tr_tahıl
hr_aligator tr_sürüngen
hr_pokret tr_aktivite
hr_činiti tr_olmak
hr_lijes tr_tabut
hr_otrov tr_zehir
tr_kral hr_monarh
hr_službenik tr_kişi
hr_sjekira tr_araç
hr_akson tr_nöron
hr_plovilo tr_araç
hr_lord tr_hanımefendi
hr_kruh tr_yiyecek
tr_obua hr_instrument
hr_razred tr_grup
tr_tarih hr_dragulj
hr_rukovoditelj tr_kişi
tr_kuzu hr_životinja
tr_içki hr_alkohol
tr_hastalık hr_karcinom
tr_azot hr_element
hr_šest tr_yedi
tr_limuzin hr_automobil
tr_kader hr_potok
hr_mramor tr_taş
tr_çıkış hr_silazak
tr_saç hr_sisavac
tr_mektup hr_abeceda
hr_profesionalac tr_amatör
hr_voda tr_sıvı
tr_işletmek hr_kontrolirati
hr_cvijet tr_orkide
tr_fikir hr_misao
hr_rudar tr_işçi
tr_protein hr_meso
hr_pas tr_memeli
hr_zakonodavstvo tr_lejyon
tr_meyve_pastası hr_pita
tr_midilli hr_konj
hr_zadovoljstvo tr_sürü
hr_oduzimanje tr_konak
tr_salyangoz hr_hrabrost
hr_zub tr_testere
hr_večera tr_çekmece
tr_dönmek hr_razlikovati
hr_hvatač tr_oyuncu
hr_otisak tr_delil
tr_kanat hr_zrakoplov
hr_antilop tr_malzeme
hr_govoriti tr_bağırmak
tr_karnıbahar hr_brokula
tr_tuvalet hr_komunikacija
hr_kost tr_çene
hr_čelik tr_bıçak_ağzı
tr_oda hr_ćelija
tr_oğul hr_dijete
tr_kâr hr_gubitak
tr_silah hr_bodež
tr_zincir hr_bicikl
tr_zeytin hr_hrana
hr_jug tr_kuzey
tr_topuk hr_stopalo
tr_muhallebi hr_zgrada
tr_rahibe hr_monah
hr_gledati tr_göz_atmak
hr_sjekirica tr_balta
tr_atlet hr_sportaš
tr_pişirmek hr_spaliti
hr_katedrala tr_hasar
hr_fitilj tr_mum
hr_astronomija tr_bilim
tr_ilaç hr_medikament
tr_güç hr_gravitacija
tr_hayvan hr_patka
hr_tvorac tr_yapımcı
hr_sumaglica tr_sis
hr_brašno tr_düğün
tr_enstruman hr_skalpel
hr_čistač tr_sabun
hr_nula tr_numara
tr_gün_batımı hr_izlazak
hr_kanu tr_tekne
tr_otomobil hr_automobil
hr_odvojiti tr_bölmek
tr_kıtık hr_reći
hr_vući tr_taşımak
tr_badem hr_kikiriki
hr_svađa tr_fikir_ayrılığı
tr_erkek hr_žensko
hr_prodati tr_satın_almak
hr_štednjak tr_zemin
hr_leđa tr_omuz
hr_džoker tr_kart
tr_lamba hr_stol
tr_çip hr_računalo
tr_meşe hr_ogrlica
hr_trauma tr_hasar
hr_nakit tr_küpe
hr_biskup tr_kral
tr_yutmak hr_upropastiti
hr_tijelo tr_ceset
hr_postaviti tr_fırlatmak
tr_bira hr_piće
hr_jetra tr_kalp
tr_çekirdek hr_stanica
tr_at hr_tim
tr_kelime_hazinesi hr_govor
hr_svjedočiti tr_söylemek
tr_yoksulluk hr_disciplina
tr_kovmak hr_otići
hr_najlon tr_malzeme
tr_takı hr_prsten
tr_maaş hr_plaća
hr_uzeti tr_tutmak
hr_pobjednik tr_kaybeden
hr_predak tr_baba
tr_servet hr_obilje
tr_kedi hr_sisavac
tr_personel hr_škola
tr_doku hr_organ
tr_hesap hr_salata
tr_hobi hr_interes
hr_grančica tr_dal
tr_topuk hr_čizma
hr_čovjek tr_ansiklopedi
hr_nevjesta tr_düğün
tr_spor hr_odbojka
tr_dal hr_grana
hr_kaktus tr_bitki
tr_demir hr_čelik
tr_alabalık hr_riba
tr_bacak hr_ruka
hr_mama tr_ebeveyn
tr_ağız hr_svemir
tr_kırmak hr_zdrobiti
hr_konobarica tr_çalışan
tr_biyoloji hr_znanost
hr_pretpostaviti tr_düşünmek
tr_traktör hr_kamion
tr_spor hr_sjekira
tr_boğmak hr_ubiti
tr_kafiye hr_pjesma
tr_ilik hr_kost
hr_predsjednik tr_lider
hr_poručnik tr_yüzbaşı
tr_konuşma hr_komunikacija
tr_midye hr_mornar
tr_küpe hr_prsten
hr_oboa tr_müzik_aleti
tr_safir hr_dragulj
hr_odaziv tr_cevap
tr_güney hr_sjever
hr_podatak tr_bilgi
tr_dudak hr_usta
hr_junak tr_kötü_adam
hr_napomenuti tr_öldürmek
tr_uç hr_olovka
tr_alt hr_podmornica
hr_ekstremitet tr_bacak
hr_poručnik tr_cesaret
hr_riba tr_levrek
tr_lobi hr_svila
tr_skalpel hr_kanarinac
hr_neboder tr_toplantı
tr_fırın hr_uređaj
tr_kadın_garson hr_radnica
hr_limuzina tr_migren
hr_gutati tr_satmak
tr_trombon hr_instrument
hr_vođa tr_kral
tr_hızlandırmak hr_priznati
hr_kupina tr_gıda
hr_stolica tr_başlangıç
tr_kraliçe hr_kraljevstvo
hr_majka tr_yetişkin
hr_komarac tr_bilgelik
tr_maymun hr_primat
hr_omesti tr_tutmak
hr_oružje tr_hançer
hr_grožđe tr_yiyecek
tr_menteşe hr_vrata
tr_kral hr_vođa
hr_pištolj tr_tabanca
hr_sjekirica tr_araç
hr_kljova tr_görev
tr_gün hr_tjedan
tr_hareket hr_ostati
hr_sudbina tr_elbise
tr_daire hr_oblik
tr_kano hr_čamac
hr_bolest tr_kanser
tr_kabul_etmek hr_poreći
tr_kuzey hr_jug
hr_biljka tr_hayvan
hr_oduzeti tr_çarpmak
tr_bira hr_alkohol
hr_prsluk tr_gömlek
hr_naranča tr_meyve
hr_staklenka tr_kap
tr_at hr_sisavac
tr_loca hr_dom
hr_plodovi_mora tr_midye
hr_stvorenje tr_böcek
tr_protein hr_jaje
hr_zgrada tr_katedral
hr_ručak tr_akşam_yemeği
hr_prizma tr_şekil
hr_dati tr_almak
tr_trafik_lambası hr_signal
hr_značenje tr_özgürlük
tr_baba hr_predak
hr_cvjetača tr_yiyecek
hr_labud tr_gezi
tr_bakır hr_novčanik
tr_tenor hr_gubitnik
hr_profesor tr_fakülte
tr_makine hr_računalo
hr_otac tr_ata
tr_tırnak hr_prst
tr_almak hr_zadržati
hr_mrziti tr_yansıtmak
tr_limon hr_voće
hr_tamjan tr_koku
hr_zavoj tr_batıl_inanç
hr_pramac tr_tuvalet
hr_krug tr_şekil
hr_tunel tr_geçit
hr_srna tr_hayvan
tr_hipotez hr_ideja
tr_hat hr_mast
tr_ulaşmak hr_izgraditi
hr_svjetlo tr_işaret
tr_egzersiz hr_aktivnost
hr_jaje tr_süt
hr_otkriti tr_bulmak
tr_ev hr_mjesto
hr_violina tr_çello
hr_prihvatiti tr_çatırtatmak
tr_zaman hr_prostor
tr_maydanoz hr_kadulja
hr_razgovor tr_tartışmak
tr_çiftçi hr_radnik
tr_sivrisinek hr_mudrost
tr_çilek hr_borovnica
tr_kemik hr_čeljust
tr_operasyon hr_duh
hr_povrće tr_ıspanak
tr_oturma hr_stajanje
tr_bank hr_sjedalo
hr_hrana tr_sosis
tr_metre hr_jedinica
hr_pamuk tr_malzeme
hr_pauza tr_koşmak
tr_bıçak hr_kosilica
tr_keşfetmek hr_pronaći
tr_şafak hr_zalazak
tr_kare hr_oblik
tr_fikir_ayrılığı hr_neslaganje
hr_posao tr_aktivite
tr_pis_kokmak hr_odbaciti
hr_obećanje tr_tırmanmak
hr_bakar tr_bronz
tr_gazete hr_časnik
tr_ceza hr_nagrada
hr_jasle tr_tedavi
tr_sallanmak hr_micati_se
hr_raspadati_se tr_bozulmak
hr_car tr_hükümdar
tr_eğitim hr_carstvo
tr_rehin hr_zarobljenik
tr_tören hr_pogreb
tr_şiir hr_sonet
hr_vjeverica tr_sincap
hr_jagoda tr_meyve
tr_teknisyen hr_radnik
tr_söylemek hr_predložiti
hr_žena tr_bilezik
hr_lignja tr_ahtapot
hr_jezik tr_boğaz
tr_motor hr_vlak
hr_rubin tr_mücevher
hr_kestenjasta tr_renk
hr_mačka tr_görünüm
tr_karavan hr_vozilo
tr_karga hr_ptica
tr_kare hr_krug
tr_pembe hr_ljubičasta
hr_metal tr_toplum
tr_tavşan hr_životinja
hr_smokva tr_hurma
tr_kurt hr_životinja
tr_gösteriş hr_uobraženost
hr_metar tr_birim
tr_el_feneri hr_agencija
tr_çıkarma hr_rezidencija
tr_parmak hr_palac
hr_papar tr_tuz
hr_kvadrat tr_şekil
hr_dagnja tr_tarak_kabuğu
tr_baba hr_sin
tr_sanat hr_skulptura
hr_šunka tr_yiyecek
hr_detalj tr_puan
hr_znanost tr_anatomi
tr_yerçekimi hr_sila
tr_tuvalet hr_kupaonica
hr_izlazak tr_gün_batımı
tr_protein hr_mlijeko
hr_papa tr_önder
tr_memeli hr_životinja
tr_asit hr_ljuska
hr_leopard tr_kaplan
hr_stolar tr_çalışan
tr_fil_hortumu hr_slon
hr_putovati tr_otostop_yapmak
tr_kaplamak hr_uzrujati
tr_uyuşturucu hr_marihuana
hr_dobiti tr_patlamak
hr_mit tr_mitoloji
hr_galeb tr_kuş
tr_iz_sürmek hr_slijediti
hr_razgovarati tr_iletişim_kurmak
hr_šaka tr_kol
hr_talac tr_esir
tr_mide hr_trbuh
hr_auto tr_araba
tr_jüpiter hr_pluton
tr_cam hr_ormar
hr_erodirati tr_kızdırmak
hr_unca tr_ölçü
hr_ukloniti tr_boşaltmak
hr_kiša tr_duş
tr_müzik_aleti hr_tuba
hr_saturn tr_gezegen
tr_oyuncak_bebek hr_igračka
hr_primirje tr_barış
hr_vozač tr_boynuz
tr_atmak hr_živcirati
hr_leđa tr_vücut
hr_protuotrov tr_ilaç
hr_jutro tr_zeka
tr_erdem hr_pejzaž
hr_krumpir tr_sebze
hr_tkivo tr_kemik
hr_limeta tr_meyve
tr_araç hr_lopata
tr_ürün hr_luka
hr_rima tr_şiir
tr_kuğu hr_životinja
tr_talep hr_tražiti
hr_neprijatelj tr_arkadaş
hr_zaključak tr_başlangıç
hr_zadržati tr_vermek
hr_zima tr_mevsim
hr_redovnik tr_hasım
hr_držati tr_sarılmak
tr_mil hr_inč
hr_pridjev tr_sözcük
tr_göz hr_lice
hr_kršćanin tr_kilise
tr_dört hr_dva
hr_gnjaviti tr_saymak
tr_profesyonel hr_amater
tr_tuba hr_instrument
tr_çekicilik hr_privlačnost
tr_sardalya hr_hrana
hr_obrana tr_saldırı
hr_zamazati tr_silmek
hr_krivnja tr_duygu
hr_silovanje tr_suç
tr_evlilik hr_igla
hr_rotkvica tr_havuç
tr_kişi hr_izdavač
hr_maskara tr_ruj
tr_zayıflık hr_snaga
hr_točka tr_kalem
tr_diş_oyuğu hr_zub
tr_çiçek hr_klokan
hr_životinja tr_fil
tr_hedef hr_uspjeh
hr_naušnica tr_takı
hr_žbun tr_çalı
hr_šljunak tr_taş
hr_promijeniti tr_ikna_etmek
tr_yılan hr_slabost
hr_periskop tr_denizaltı
tr_kızlar_birliği hr_organizacija
tr_kasiyer hr_osoba
tr_bit hr_buba
tr_formül hr_pekar
tr_çilek hr_voće
hr_tvar tr_su
hr_supružnik tr_evlilik
tr_ödeme hr_stanarina
tr_ekmek hr_sendvič
hr_dupin tr_oksijen
hr_namještaj tr_sandalye
tr_zevk hr_stado
hr_lipa tr_beş_sent
tr_inanmama hr_vjerovanje
tr_karanlık hr_flanel
hr_djevojka tr_oğlan
tr_çiçek hr_prekršaj
tr_hareket hr_kretanje
hr_vidra tr_hayvan
tr_tartışma hr_sukob
hr_violina tr_enstrüman
tr_bulvar hr_cesta
hr_nadnica tr_ücret
tr_heykel hr_umjetnost
hr_časnik tr_yasa
hr_jesen tr_mevsim
tr_konuşmacı hr_pakao
hr_golubica tr_kuş
hr_čimpanza tr_maymungil
tr_vazgeçmek hr_poraziti
hr_gljiva tr_iyilik
hr_izvoditi tr_şarkı_söylemek
tr_yunus_balığı hr_sisavac
hr_potok tr_hat
tr_arpa hr_hrana
tr_sokak hr_škamp
tr_koruma hr_kaciga
tr_profesör hr_fakultet
tr_ücret hr_pristojba
hr_orangutan tr_primat
tr_temel hr_baza
hr_pramac tr_iskele
tr_şekil hr_trokut
tr_on_iki hr_broj
hr_omlet tr_gıda
tr_sürücü hr_truba
tr_sabır hr_nestrpljenje
tr_şef hr_rukovoditelj
tr_matara hr_boca
tr_araba_bagajı hr_automobil
hr_dječak tr_çocuk
tr_eş hr_brak
tr_karıştırmak hr_skrenuti
hr_drvo tr_orman
tr_etki hr_reakcija
tr_üflemek hr_puknuti
tr_uzuv hr_noga
hr_lokva tr_su
hr_mesar tr_fırıncı
tr_hayvan hr_spremnik
hr_vid tr_duyu
hr_pocrvenjeti tr_açıklamak
tr_spor hr_aktivnost
hr_vic tr_mizah
hr_štuka tr_sivri_uç
hr_tjedan tr_ay
tr_yaratık hr_vuk
hr_tuga tr_sevinç
hr_toster tr_alet
tr_bal hr_šećer
tr_bisiklet hr_vozilo
tr_migren hr_glavobolja
hr_zanovijetati tr_şikayet_etmek
tr_kişi hr_govornik
hr_zalistak tr_kalp
hr_duhovitost tr_mizah
tr_bilim hr_anatomija
tr_piramit hr_oblik
hr_plast tr_kazanan
hr_tuljan tr_uçurtma
hr_pjevušiti tr_ıslık_çalmak
tr_tütsü hr_aroma
hr_nokat tr_ayak_parmağı
hr_glina tr_çömlekçilik
tr_spatula hr_oruđe
hr_film tr_güneş
hr_kuhati tr_dondurmak
hr_bjelančevina tr_et
hr_raspravljati tr_rasyonelleştirmek
hr_dokaz tr_cevap
tr_skalpel hr_instrument
hr_bodež tr_bıçak
hr_istovariti tr_kaldırmak
hr_zahtijevati tr_istek
tr_şemsiye hr_zaštita
tr_insan hr_sisavac
hr_baciti tr_göstermek
hr_zmija tr_sürüngen
tr_dolap hr_soba
hr_mandarina tr_meyve
hr_korov tr_bitki
tr_hızlandırmak hr_izgraditi
hr_pomaknuti tr_çekmek
tr_periskop hr_podmornica
hr_pinta tr_ölçü
hr_vodik tr_helyum
hr_staklo tr_dolap
tr_üretici hr_tvorac
hr_školjka tr_midye
hr_grašak tr_gıda
tr_saha hr_stadion
hr_gusak tr_biyoloji
tr_yetki hr_moć
tr_fil hr_sisavac
tr_erkek_yeğen hr_nećakinja
tr_zamir hr_riječ
tr_sembol hr_slovo
hr_bajka tr_hikaye
hr_kazna tr_ödül
tr_abur_cubur hr_obrok
hr_bor tr_ağaç
hr_prsa tr_hindi
hr_oposum tr_hayvan
hr_rastaviti tr_yanmak
hr_uređaj tr_telefon
tr_galon hr_mjera
hr_kuk tr_vücut
hr_odbojka tr_spor
hr_bakar tr_pirinç
hr_radnik tr_emek
hr_cilj tr_keski
hr_rijeka tr_efendi
tr_buğday hr_žitarica
tr_savaş hr_anatomija
tr_ayırmak hr_odvojiti
hr_pivo tr_içecek
hr_čelo tr_yüz
hr_srebro tr_altın
hr_zaštita tr_kask
tr_nokta hr_olovka
hr_baciti tr_sinir_etmek
tr_joker hr_karta
hr_sposobnost tr_liderlik
tr_boşaltmak hr_skloniti
tr_sone hr_pjesma
tr_biftek hr_hrana
tr_sıfır hr_broj
hr_sukob tr_anlaşmazlık
tr_bağışlamak hr_uvjeriti
hr_osjećaj tr_empati
hr_službenik tr_hesap
hr_lopov tr_hastalık
hr_životinja tr_ileti
hr_svećenik tr_haham
tr_asansör hr_zgrada
hr_prijelaz tr_kaplumbağa
tr_altyazı hr_tehnika
tr_hayır hr_dobrota
hr_dinosaur tr_hayvan
hr_ritual tr_etkinlik
tr_ocak hr_kat
hr_krtica tr_hayvan
tr_uzun_diş hr_slon
tr_yüzmek hr_trčati
hr_percepcija tr_vizyon
tr_kraliçe hr_tuš
tr_kanıt hr_odgovor
tr_erkek_arkadaş hr_djevojka
hr_globus tr_küre
hr_liječnik tr_cerrah
tr_meltem hr_vjetar
tr_eldiven hr_rukavica
tr_top hr_pištolj
tr_akson hr_neuron
hr_dotaknuti tr_sıkmak
tr_teyze hr_planet
tr_yastık hr_punjenje
tr_suçluluk hr_osjećaj
tr_subay hr_zakon
hr_udariti tr_patlatmak
tr_migren hr_bol
hr_kaciga tr_koruma
tr_aslan hr_tigar
hr_zaboraviti tr_inkar_etmek
tr_balo hr_zabava
hr_projekt tr_unsur
tr_dışkı hr_zahod
tr_asya hr_afrika
hr_dodati tr_çıkarmak
hr_bora tr_cilt
hr_najlon tr_pamuk
tr_bölüm hr_dio
hr_sisavac tr_köpek
hr_hokej tr_cümle
tr_jet hr_avion
tr_mayonez hr_hrana
hr_razdvojiti tr_ayırmak
tr_zarf hr_imenica
tr_gözlemek hr_preplanuti
hr_krilo tr_cilt
hr_tresti tr_lavabo
hr_poraziti tr_vazgeçmek
hr_krastavac tr_yiyecek
hr_osoblje tr_okul
tr_kabul_etmek hr_obnoviti
tr_atmosfer hr_ubojica
tr_değişik_olmak hr_složiti_se
hr_prst tr_başparmak
hr_polica tr_dolap
tr_izlenim hr_avenija
hr_sestra tr_kızlar_birliği
hr_jazz tr_müzik
tr_maymun hr_humor
tr_kaz hr_biologija
hr_instrument tr_skalpel
hr_koža tr_süet
tr_temizleyici hr_sapun
hr_vile tr_araç
hr_pero tr_filo
tr_bilgisayar hr_stroj
tr_deniz_mahsulü hr_riba
hr_čekinja tr_fırça
hr_stolica tr_tuvalet
hr_dotaknuti tr_kapmak
hr_službenik tr_çalışan
tr_pire hr_insekt
hr_čeljust tr_yüz
tr_hafta hr_mjesec
hr_ščepati tr_almak
tr_domuz_eti hr_svinja
tr_düşman hr_krokodil
tr_söylemek hr_svjedočiti
tr_naylon hr_materijal
hr_anarhija tr_düzensizlik
tr_gençlik hr_skupina
hr_sin tr_çocuk
tr_tüy hr_flota
hr_škiljiti tr_bakmak
tr_hokey hr_rečenica
tr_tabure hr_početak
hr_instrument tr_trompet
tr_ulaşmak hr_povećati
hr_kit tr_memeli
tr_onarmak hr_pauzirati
hr_siromaštvo tr_disiplin
tr_süet hr_materijal
hr_nadražiti tr_harcamak
hr_odbiti tr_kabul_etmek
hr_kuhalo tr_ocak
tr_hap hr_lijek
hr_kopač tr_madenci
tr_fil hr_predavanje
hr_zob tr_gıda
hr_nada tr_umutsuzluk
tr_senfoni hr_glazba
tr_omuz hr_lakat
hr_bjelančevina tr_yumurta
hr_kredit tr_böğürtlen
tr_casus hr_agent
hr_braniti tr_korumak
hr_suprug tr_eş
tr_hindi hr_ptica
hr_ubrzati tr_kabul_etmek
tr_sancak hr_krma
hr_izumiti tr_yaratmak
tr_limuzin hr_glavobolja
hr_rukomet tr_spor
tr_semptom hr_bolest
hr_krokodil tr_hayvan
hr_tri tr_altı
hr_potapšati tr_dokunma
tr_su hr_lokva
tr_marangoz hr_radnik
hr_hrast tr_odun
hr_nastaviti tr_kırmak
tr_süt hr_maslac
tr_kafein hr_čaj
tr_iskambil hr_igra
tr_bağırsak hr_trbuh
tr_maymun hr_sisavac
tr_güverte hr_brod
tr_duvarcı hr_radnik
hr_stupac tr_kâğıt
hr_klokan tr_hayvan
hr_postupak tr_gözyaşı
hr_prečka tr_merdiven
tr_kadın_iç_çamaşırı hr_rublje
hr_napustiti tr_kontrol_etmek
tr_teneke hr_aluminij
hr_zatvarač tr_pantolon
tr_kafiye hr_večera
hr_ujak tr_teyze
tr_yelek hr_košulja
tr_peçete hr_obrok
tr_tasarlamak hr_izgraditi
tr_bakır hr_bronca
tr_fil hr_životinja
tr_sokak hr_put
hr_gljiva tr_bitki
tr_yenmek hr_odreći_se
hr_ugušiti tr_öldürmek
tr_gösterge hr_orhideja
tr_gül hr_vino
hr_pokajanje tr_suçluluk
hr_pravokutnik tr_kare
tr_anne hr_roditelj
tr_zenginlik hr_siromaštvo
tr_çimen hr_bundeva
tr_kılavuz hr_knjiga
tr_şöhret hr_slava
hr_kip tr_figür
tr_orak hr_alat
hr_nogomet tr_spor
hr_oružje tr_kılıç
hr_protuotrov tr_çare
tr_yetenek hr_sposobnost
tr_memeli hr_slon
hr_čekić tr_alet
hr_rječnik tr_konuşma
tr_anlaşma hr_klupa
tr_duyurmak hr_reći
hr_pingvin tr_kuş
hr_kolumna tr_gazete
hr_bradavica tr_vücut_beni
tr_anlam hr_sloboda
hr_pod tr_denizaltı
tr_cevap hr_pitanje
hr_svjetlost tr_atmosfer
tr_konuşmak hr_debata
hr_piće tr_bira
hr_neuspjeh tr_başarı
hr_igračka tr_oyuncak
tr_yokluk hr_prisutnost
tr_şair hr_osoba
hr_jupiter tr_plüton
tr_yapıcı hr_proizvođač
tr_şekil hr_prizma
hr_faza tr_soyguncu
tr_balık hr_ventil
hr_leš tr_taht
tr_yanlış* hr_greška
tr_çam hr_drvo
hr_tjestenina tr_gıda
tr_tartışmak hr_racionalizirati
tr_kaz hr_životinja
hr_kupus tr_sebze
tr_kırışıklık hr_koža
hr_željezo tr_çelik
hr_časopis tr_not_defteri
tr_hareket_etmek hr_tegliti
hr_mladoženja tr_düğün
tr_telefon hr_uređaj
tr_dantel hr_cipela
hr_kopač tr_işçi
hr_priča tr_yazı
tr_sürüklenme hr_plutati
tr_çekmece hr_ured
hr_staza tr_leopar
tr_bisküvi hr_agrum
hr_prljavština tr_pislik
tr_ara_sokak hr_cesta
hr_grah tr_yiyecek
hr_limuzina tr_araba
hr_polica tr_kabine
tr_enstrüman hr_gitara
hr_jetra tr_organ
hr_signal tr_trafik_ışığı
tr_kiraz hr_voće
tr_dilenmek hr_gucnuti
hr_izračunati tr_teslim_etmek
hr_štuka tr_balık
hr_zvijezda tr_deniz_kabuğu
tr_dana_eti hr_hrana
tr_hayvan hr_poruka
tr_su hr_zrak
tr_martı hr_ptica
tr_öğle_yemeği hr_violina
hr_cvijet tr_bitki
hr_zahod tr_banyo
hr_idol tr_kılıç
hr_politika tr_hükümet
tr_bilgi hr_predviđanje
tr_kaldırım hr_ulica
hr_predavanje tr_sınıf
hr_devet tr_numara
tr_ruj hr_klasa
tr_kuş hr_gusak
hr_ljubomora tr_duygu
tr_kızarmak hr_razjasniti
tr_ateş hr_voda
tr_kazanç hr_prasnuti
hr_sirena tr_işaret
tr_virgül hr_interpunkcija
hr_stado tr_grup
hr_refren tr_şarkı
hr_novčanik tr_evrak_çantası
hr_majmun tr_hayvan
tr_tavşan hr_zec
tr_ceset hr_tijelo
hr_profesor tr_personel
hr_krađa tr_suç
tr_kafa hr_igla
hr_ruža tr_şarap
hr_otac tr_oğul
tr_kılıç hr_oružje
tr_et_suyu hr_hrana
tr_hareket hr_akcija
tr_kasırga hr_tajfun
tr_oyuncak hr_lutka
tr_pislik hr_nečistoća
tr_kargı hr_šiljak
tr_mavi hr_boja
hr_brada tr_keçi
tr_böcek hr_komarac
hr_ručak tr_kahvaltı
tr_hamburger hr_sendvič
tr_ekmek hr_hrana
tr_uç hr_mač
hr_reklama tr_i̇lan
tr_omuz hr_tijelo
hr_golf tr_oyun
hr_guma tr_malzeme
hr_pečenica tr_et
tr_keman hr_violina
tr_dere hr_voda
hr_sova tr_hayvan
tr_zehir hr_toksin
tr_bitki hr_repa
tr_odun hr_šuma
tr_ayak hr_stolica
hr_prepelica tr_hayvan
hr_oko tr_yüz
tr_öneri hr_ideja
tr_birleştirmek hr_vjenčati
hr_lopatica tr_kürek
tr_atlas hr_knjiga
hr_kralj tr_kraliçe
tr_tenor hr_bas
hr_žaba tr_karakurbağası
tr_karşı_taraf hr_refren
hr_šišmiš tr_hayvan
hr_rame tr_dirsek
hr_buha tr_böcek
tr_film hr_sunce
hr_lav tr_kaplan
hr_šunka tr_et
tr_kir hr_nečistoća
tr_saman_yığını hr_pobjednik
hr_koncert tr_etkinlik
tr_uçak hr_top
tr_helyum hr_plin
hr_kapak tr_göz
hr_točka tr_kılıç
hr_kviz tr_test
hr_voda tr_madde
hr_gorila tr_kuyruksuz_maymun
tr_sekiz hr_broj
hr_zid tr_departman
hr_burbon tr_alkol
hr_jetra tr_biyolog
hr_sok tr_sıvı
tr_koni hr_oblik
hr_ustav tr_belge
tr_mürettebat hr_skupina
tr_genişlik hr_visina
hr_losos tr_balık
hr_odreći_se tr_mağlup_etmek
tr_kızdırmak hr_potrošiti
hr_rubin tr_zümrüt
hr_vrat tr_akış
tr_ata hr_roditelj
hr_vile tr_karışım
hr_dvanaest tr_numara
tr_gövde hr_oaza
tr_buzdolabı hr_lopta
tr_program hr_plan
tr_paskalya hr_praznik
tr_mikroskop hr_teleskop
hr_riba tr_köpekbalığı
tr_dirsek hr_zglob
hr_osam tr_numara
tr_balina hr_špilja
tr_geçit hr_skakavac
tr_engellemek hr_zadržati
tr_izin_vermemek hr_zamazati
tr_bina hr_katedrala
hr_zapad tr_yön
hr_vrhunac tr_tepe
tr_çalışan hr_stolar
hr_kupus tr_salata
tr_sabah hr_noć
hr_integritet tr_çalışan
tr_çare hr_uzrok
tr_verim hr_sjedalo
tr_vücut hr_leš
hr_truba tr_müzik_aleti
tr_kazanan hr_gubitnik
hr_dušik tr_hidrojen
tr_sahne hr_razbojnik
tr_topuk hr_cipela
tr_piskopos hr_kralj
tr_prenses hr_bogatstvo
tr_başparmak hr_prst
hr_strpljenje tr_sabırsızlık
hr_geologija tr_bilim
tr_galip hr_pobjednik
hr_ceremonija tr_mezuniyet
hr_tvor tr_hayvan
tr_yayın hr_časopis
hr_aligator tr_hayvan
tr_cihaz hr_pećnica
hr_klinčić tr_bitki
tr_somon hr_riba
tr_ayak_bileği hr_noga
tr_başarısız_olmak hr_operirati
hr_naslonjač tr_koltuk
hr_teletina tr_et
hr_neprijatelj tr_karşı_taraf
hr_vještica tr_iş
tr_ipek hr_pamuk
hr_breskva tr_armut
tr_araba hr_vozilo
hr_amater tr_mülk
hr_prijedlog tr_fikir
hr_jagoda tr_gıda
hr_sjediti tr_ayakta_durmak
hr_blistati tr_parlamak
tr_çağ hr_vrijeme
hr_bicikl tr_araç
tr_yılan hr_životinja
hr_dom tr_saray
tr_ayrılmak hr_stići
tr_sempati hr_osjećaj
tr_vizon hr_životinja
hr_kovčeg tr_valiz
tr_doku hr_koža
hr_smog tr_kazanım
hr_pluton tr_gezegen
tr_bilezik hr_ogrlica
tr_fare hr_životinja
tr_kalamar hr_hobotnica
hr_kombi tr_araç
hr_radost tr_üzüntü
hr_voda tr_hava
hr_kobra tr_yılan
tr_büyükanne hr_predak
tr_olay hr_posteljina
hr_bulevar tr_yol
hr_kralj tr_hükümdar
hr_prenoćište tr_ev
hr_vlasnik tr_kişi
tr_dönem hr_sat
hr_deblo tr_vaha
hr_sisavac tr_fil
tr_dışarı hr_unutra
hr_dušik tr_oksijen
tr_kral hr_vladar
hr_smeđa tr_yeşil
tr_manşet hr_rukav
tr_lider hr_kralj
hr_anatomija tr_bilim
tr_basketbol hr_sport
tr_kahverengi hr_zelena
tr_mısır hr_hrana
tr_açıklamak hr_objasniti
hr_sjever tr_yön
hr_staklo tr_kristal
hr_dizajner tr_yaratıcı
hr_naramenica tr_sütyen
tr_pedal hr_bicikl
tr_altı hr_sedam
tr_numara hr_osam
tr_bıçak hr_mač
hr_lanac tr_bandaj
hr_zec tr_sinagog
tr_umut hr_očaj
tr_yeğen hr_sin
tr_tuvalet hr_aligator
hr_polica tr_sayaç
hr_odjeljak tr_birim
tr_tamirci hr_radnik
hr_sakriti tr_geliştirmek
hr_zadaća tr_görev
hr_osnova tr_baz
hr_guska tr_hindi
hr_predsjednik tr_önder
tr_kereviz hr_hrana
tr_çekiştirmek hr_vući
hr_pjesma tr_sone
hr_tkivo tr_cilt
hr_portret tr_resim
hr_plin tr_araba
hr_košarka tr_aktivite
tr_yakut hr_smaragd
hr_rog tr_keçi
hr_gusak tr_kuş
hr_automobil tr_tren
hr_aritmetika tr_matematik
hr_nikotin tr_tütün
tr_bak hr_pogledati
hr_zelena tr_mavi
hr_stolica tr_mobilya
hr_amater tr_uzman
tr_krater hr_vulkan
tr_özür_dilemek hr_oprostiti
hr_matematika tr_bilim
hr_banda tr_grup
tr_toplamak hr_zavrtiti
tr_şempanze hr_primat
tr_görünüm hr_slika
hr_ići tr_bırakmak
tr_prosedür hr_operacija
hr_blato tr_din
tr_goril hr_primat
tr_jant hr_kotač
tr_gecikmek hr_pokazati
tr_sakal hr_koza
tr_jip hr_vozilo
hr_plamen tr_zevk
hr_udariti tr_koşmak
hr_ritual tr_gelenek_görenek
hr_izvoditi tr_konuşmak
hr_iznos tr_miktar
hr_sport tr_balta
hr_ujediniti tr_evlenmek
hr_dijete tr_ebeveyn
hr_imenica tr_sıfat
tr_eğitim hr_škola
hr_čekić tr_kanser
hr_dopustiti tr_iliştirmek
tr_kanat hr_ptica
hr_podijeliti tr_yırtmak
tr_turp hr_mrkva
tr_politika hr_vlada
hr_povijest tr_mücevher
tr_jeoloji hr_znanost
tr_çare hr_lijek
hr_pretvarati_se tr_daldırmak
hr_odvijač tr_çekiç
hr_kaciga tr_cep
hr_manjina tr_tuvalet
tr_balerin hr_plesač
tr_sabah hr_inteligencija
hr_hamburger tr_kuş
tr_göstermek hr_ujediniti
tr_kısa_kürek hr_veslo
hr_podne tr_gün
tr_peri_masalı hr_priča
hr_postupak tr_operasyon
tr_grup hr_legija
tr_tütsü hr_miris
hr_razjasniti tr_açıklamak
tr_softbol hr_sport
tr_sinyal hr_svjetlo
hr_raspored tr_plan
hr_ugovor tr_anlaşma
tr_yıldız hr_simbol
hr_šupljina tr_sıçan
tr_çiçek hr_orhideja
hr_jezgra tr_hücre
tr_başarısızlık hr_uspjeh
hr_tragedija tr_komedi
hr_aritmetika tr_trigonometri
tr_köstebek hr_životinja
hr_toksin tr_zehir
tr_sunucu hr_konobar
tr_pint hr_mjera
hr_čovjek tr_kadın
tr_çekiç hr_alat
hr_odgoditi tr_acele
hr_muško tr_kadın
hr_poslužitelj tr_garson
tr_ceket hr_kamin
hr_mozak tr_hareket
tr_dedikodu hr_glasina
hr_dizalo tr_bina
tr_git hr_odbaciti
tr_ördek hr_ptica
tr_proje hr_element
tr_simit hr_hrana
hr_trombon tr_müzik_aleti
tr_akçaağaç hr_drvo
tr_bölge hr_partner
hr_kuhinja tr_yatak_odası
hr_tjedan tr_yıl
hr_dijamant tr_inci
tr_pus hr_magla
tr_gökdelen hr_sastanak
hr_simbol tr_harf
tr_çörek hr_hrana
tr_yara hr_ozljeda
tr_konteyner hr_boca
tr_bozmak hr_zaboraviti
tr_karanlık hr_svjetlo
tr_yemek hr_nalivpero
hr_stroj tr_bilgisayar
hr_jug tr_yön
hr_klavir tr_enstrüman
tr_patates hr_povrće
hr_komunikacija tr_dil
tr_primat hr_životinja
hr_pridjev tr_fiil
tr_kâtip hr_osoba
hr_buba tr_araç
hr_nož tr_kılıç
hr_primat tr_hayvan
tr_karaciğer hr_organ
hr_zalogajnica tr_restoran
hr_aleja tr_yol
tr_hafta hr_početak
hr_brak tr_iğne
tr_bölüm hr_drama
hr_kontrola tr_deney
tr_granit hr_kamen
tr_yatak hr_zbrajanje
tr_tavşan hr_sinagoga
tr_kadın hr_heroina
tr_kahraman hr_zlikovac
hr_penjač tr_kişi
hr_srebro tr_metal
tr_kabiliyetsizlik hr_sposobnost
hr_nesposobnost tr_kabiliyet
hr_majka tr_kadın
hr_hrvanje tr_spor
hr_osoba tr_kasiyer
hr_lakat tr_eklem
tr_flüt hr_instrument
hr_cvijet tr_suç
tr_meyve_suyu hr_mlijeko
tr_kader hr_haljina
hr_ljiljan tr_bitki
hr_dimnjak tr_kuğu
hr_tavan tr_ev
hr_uspon tr_iniş
hr_tulum tr_etkinlik
tr_kuzey hr_smjer
tr_saksofon hr_instrument
tr_kavram hr_ustav
hr_usta tr_evren
hr_nos tr_yüz
hr_obrok tr_akşam_yemeği
tr_malzeme hr_koža
tr_akış hr_kisik
hr_zidar tr_işçi
hr_posljedica tr_reaksiyon
tr_yakut hr_dragulj
tr_birleştirmek hr_podijeliti
tr_ev_ödevi hr_zadatak
tr_açıklamak hr_izraziti_se
hr_novčić tr_cüzdan
tr_satürn hr_venera
tr_değişiklik hr_uvjeriti
hr_kriket tr_spor
hr_srp tr_alet
tr_saksofon hr_tretman
tr_kabiliyet hr_rukovodstvo
hr_vrijeme tr_mekan
tr_çizgili_sincap hr_vjeverica
tr_kadın hr_narukvica
tr_akşam_yemeği hr_dinosaur
tr_raf hr_brojač
hr_pjesma tr_yazı
tr_kulak hr_zaposlenik
hr_imenica tr_sözcük
tr_bakmak hr_vrednovati
tr_hayvan hr_štakor
hr_šah tr_oyun
hr_ružičasta tr_mor
tr_köpek hr_životinja
hr_ulica tr_yol
tr_mutfak hr_spavaonica
tr_sınıf hr_skupina
tr_boyama hr_perilica
tr_örnek hr_instanca
hr_tkanina tr_pamuk
hr_žaba tr_hayvan
hr_odrastao tr_çocuk
hr_prsten tr_takı
hr_ubrzati tr_inşa_etmek
hr_pjega tr_leke
hr_bogatstvo tr_yoksulluk
tr_izin_vermek hr_vratiti
tr_lavabo hr_toalet
hr_broj tr_sekiz
tr_dana_eti hr_meso
hr_sisavac tr_hayvan
hr_glava tr_ayak
hr_hamburger tr_sandviç
hr_potkrovlje tr_ev
hr_piletina tr_gıda
tr_ons hr_mjera
hr_odvijač tr_alet
hr_otac tr_anne
tr_isim hr_glagol
tr_fasulye hr_hrana
hr_baseball tr_futbol
tr_yerdomuzu hr_životinja
tr_goril hr_majmun
tr_eş hr_umjetnost
tr_alın hr_lice
tr_tecavüz hr_zločin
hr_ormar tr_oda
tr_portakal hr_voće
hr_banana tr_meyve
hr_miš tr_kemirgen
tr_alet hr_hladnjak
hr_umak tr_sos
hr_sjediti tr_yayılmak
tr_zehir hr_otrov
hr_pogreb tr_tören
tr_bölmek hr_pribaviti
tr_bisküvi hr_hrana
tr_alaca_karanlık hr_bogatstvo
hr_kupina tr_meyve
tr_kürek hr_kanta
tr_not hr_sestrinstvo
hr_metodist tr_vaftiz_eden_kimse
tr_reddetmek hr_prihvatiti
tr_doktor hr_kirurg
hr_košulja tr_mikroskop
hr_podijeliti tr_eklemek
tr_sallamak hr_micati
hr_vino tr_üzüm
tr_kafa hr_stopalo
hr_pecivo tr_yiyecek
tr_dirgen hr_smjesa
tr_cenaze hr_ceremonija
tr_voleybol hr_sport
tr_arp hr_instrument
hr_peta tr_ayak
tr_zincir hr_kanta
hr_proizvod tr_liman
tr_imparator hr_vladar
hr_skup tr_bayram
hr_glavobolja tr_semptom
hr_kukuruz tr_yiyecek
hr_zmija tr_hayvan
tr_namlu hr_pištolj
tr_hayvan hr_sisavac
hr_skulptura tr_çizim
hr_pogreška tr_hata
tr_soda hr_piće
tr_kış hr_ljeto
tr_tasarımcı hr_tvorac
hr_kvadrat tr_çember
tr_jambon hr_hrana
hr_četiri tr_numara
tr_duraklatmak hr_trčanje
tr_dergi hr_bilježnica
hr_pristanište tr_köprü
hr_skvoš tr_spor
hr_sestra tr_akrabalık
hr_sport tr_aktivite
hr_sef tr_banka
hr_rog tr_araba
tr_prens hr_kapetan
hr_maksimum tr_sınır
hr_tuljan tr_hayvan
tr_yıldız hr_ljuska
tr_duygu hr_ljubomora
hr_mjera tr_galon
hr_aspirin tr_ilaç
tr_idol hr_mač
tr_zincir hr_zavoj
tr_köprü hr_križ
tr_kriket hr_sport
hr_korak tr_merdiven
hr_šarm tr_cazibe
tr_çekiç hr_rak
hr_zima tr_yaz
tr_akışkan hr_voda
tr_vermek hr_uzeti
hr_obilje tr_kıtlık
hr_rog tr_boğa
hr_mahati tr_hareket
hr_potok tr_su
tr_mobilya hr_krevet
tr_yumurta hr_mlijeko
tr_keçi hr_dijete
hr_odsutnost tr_ilaç
hr_sići tr_yaratmak
tr_profesör hr_osoblje
tr_eklem hr_prst
hr_violina tr_müzik_aleti
hr_ruž tr_sınıf
hr_kći tr_çocuk
tr_takas_etmek hr_promijeniti
tr_azot hr_kisik
hr_dama tr_kale
tr_dokunmak hr_pogladiti
tr_yasama_organı hr_legija
tr_gelin hr_vjenčanje
hr_osoba tr_dağcı
hr_pingvin tr_hayvan
tr_besleme hr_gladovati
hr_majka tr_baba
hr_mora tr_rüya
tr_koro hr_skupina
hr_mrdnuti tr_dönüş
tr_şeftali hr_kruška
tr_turp hr_povrće
hr_dijete tr_keçi
tr_yumurta hr_arhitektura
hr_trčati tr_kontrol
tr_testere hr_alat
tr_teğmen hr_hrabrost
hr_semestar tr_saat
hr_krilo tr_melek
hr_hrast tr_kolye
hr_rak tr_deniz_ürünleri
hr_oklop tr_kaplumbağa
hr_bobica tr_kiraz
tr_gecikme hr_žuriti
tr_fok hr_životinja
hr_slikar tr_sanatçı
hr_postolar tr_turta
tr_çakıl hr_kamen
tr_deri hr_antilop
tr_turna_balığı hr_riba
tr_din hr_vjerovanje
hr_lakat tr_kol
hr_prodavač tr_kişi
tr_şüphelenmek hr_misliti
hr_jagoda tr_yaban_mersini
hr_prevrnuti tr_savunmak
hr_paket tr_zarf
tr_seyahat_etmek hr_autostopirati
hr_kišobran tr_buz
hr_tjedan tr_başlangıç
tr_katedral hr_građevina
tr_makarna hr_hrana
hr_zvijezda tr_galaksi
hr_lizalica tr_şeker
tr_silah hr_oružje
hr_sin tr_kız_evlat
tr_bitki hr_životinja
hr_dečko tr_kız_arkadaş
hr_krivnja tr_masumiyet
tr_ameliyat hr_odmor
tr_kafa hr_rep
hr_raj tr_cehennem
tr_evren hr_svijet
hr_primjer tr_örnek
hr_ispričati_se tr_affetmek
tr_maydanoz hr_hrana
hr_stručnost tr_savaş
tr_hatırlamak hr_pitati
tr_ara_vermek hr_odmoriti
hr_lopata tr_alet
hr_bogatstvo tr_zenginlik
hr_zamijeniti tr_değiştirmek
tr_anarşi hr_nered
tr_masumiyet hr_grožđe
hr_tegliti tr_çekmek
tr_kişi hr_vlasnik
hr_empatija tr_his
tr_baş_ağrısı hr_simptom
tr_taşımak hr_nositi
hr_hladnjak tr_top
tr_kıl hr_četka
tr_bıldırcın hr_životinja
tr_yaratık hr_buba
tr_çift hr_par
tr_rahip hr_rabin
hr_torta tr_gıda
hr_pjesnik tr_kişi
hr_osoba tr_vatandaş
tr_hobi hr_aktivnost
tr_nacak hr_sjekira
hr_kornjača tr_hayvan
hr_purica tr_kuş
hr_sigurnost tr_tehlike
tr_tenis hr_aktivnost
hr_obrva tr_yüz
tr_çene hr_lice
hr_hrast tr_çam
hr_pahuljica tr_kar
tr_sütun hr_papir
tr_deniz_ürünleri hr_dagnja
tr_kalp hr_intelekt
hr_ladica tr_büro
tr_ot hr_otrov
hr_maturalna tr_parti
tr_şemsiye hr_led
tr_yetişkin hr_dijete
hr_metar tr_ölçü
hr_scena tr_film
hr_sigurnost tr_sigorta
tr_içecek hr_tonik
hr_regija tr_ortak
tr_düzensizlik hr_red
tr_kil hr_posuđe
tr_enstrüman hr_klavir
tr_karabiber hr_sol
hr_heroina tr_kadın
hr_svojstvo tr_yüz
tr_tavuk hr_hrana
tr_ayak_tırnağı hr_prst
hr_ubiti tr_boğmak
tr_topuk hr_bedro
hr_oblik tr_prizma
tr_siğil hr_madež
tr_hesaplamak hr_dostaviti
tr_deniztarağı hr_hrana
hr_cesta tr_bulvar
tr_duvar hr_soba
hr_komora tr_peri_masalı
hr_stuba tr_merdiven
tr_göstermek hr_reći
hr_prihvatiti tr_onarmak
tr_ahbap hr_prijatelj
hr_školjka tr_gıda
hr_poni tr_at
hr_popeti_se tr_inmek
tr_kamera hr_anatomija
tr_yakalayıcı hr_igrač
hr_okno tr_pencere
tr_akşam_yemegi hr_ladica
hr_prisustvo tr_belirme
hr_nomad tr_kişi
hr_smokva tr_yiyecek
hr_kupaonica tr_tuvalet
hr_cesta tr_otoban
hr_tražiti tr_muayene_etmek
