sq_mbretëreshë it_membro_della_famiglia_reale
sq_marrëveshje it_panchina
sq_grumbull it_pagliaio
sq_përrallë it_storia
sq_përkrenare it_tasca
sq_kundërhelm it_droga
sq_qafë it_ruscello
it_sassofono sq_instrument
sq_fik it_data
it_pioggia sq_dush
sq_algjebër it_matematica
sq_flakë it_piacere
sq_qumësht it_burro
it_serpente sq_dobësi
it_parlare sq_trokas
it_aroma sq_mëngë
sq_mullar_bari it_vincitore
sq_pajisje it_forno
sq_ndaloj it_iniziare
it_orecchio sq_punonjës
it_rosa sq_bimë
it_bevanda_frizzante sq_lëng
it_dare_un'occhiata sq_shikoj
it_infastidire sq_numëroj
it_tostapane sq_pajisje
it_ala sq_lakuriq_nate
it_salvare sq_përplas
sq_kuletë it_ciotola
sq_levrek it_pesce
sq_vrasës it_assassino
sq_gëlltitem it_ingoiare
sq_harroj it_diminuire
sq_limon it_albero
sq_ketër it_scoiattolo
sq_shi it_doccia
sq_konkurs it_gara
it_personale sq_shkollë
sq_buzë it_lingua
it_balena sq_shpellë
it_muffola sq_doreza
it_barba sq_dhi
sq_heshtje it_suono
sq_ferr it_inferno
it_tronco sq_oazë
it_scimmia sq_gjitar
it_bocca sq_fytyrë
it_macchina sq_erëz
it_tricheco sq_gjitar
sq_katror it_cerchio
it_mobilio sq_shtrat
it_ballo_studentesco sq_festë
sq_tipar it_viso
it_tamburo sq_instrument
it_anima sq_muzikë
sq_adresoj it_stare_in_piedi
it_fiammata sq_flakë
it_padella sq_enë_kuzhine
sq_majmun it_umorismo
sq_nëntë it_numero
it_biscotto sq_qitro
it_venire sq_largohu
it_cibo sq_byrek
sq_mjek it_chirurgo
sq_hokej it_sport
sq_trigonometri it_algebra
it_orchidea sq_lule
it_animale sq_elefant
it_arancia sq_fruta
sq_mikroskop it_telescopio
it_grilletto sq_armë
it_materiale sq_gomë
sq_thembër it_stivale
it_autorità sq_pushtet
sq_luftë it_anatomia
it_scultura sq_art
sq_kitarë it_strumento
it_canarino sq_zog
it_miscela sq_shumëllojshmëri
it_borsa sq_kamerier
it_atmosfera sq_vrases
it_medico sq_kirurg
sq_shndrit it_risplendere
it_compagno sq_martesë
it_gallone sq_pintë
sq_balenë it_grotta
sq_bollëk it_scarsità
sq_kokë it_piede
it_credito sq_manaferrë
it_prova sq_provë
it_pistola sq_armë
sq_përzgjedhje it_scelta
it_pollo sq_ushqim
it_contratto sq_dokument
it_tessuto sq_kockë
sq_picërroj_sytë it_guardare
sq_proshutë it_carne
sq_poezi it_prosa
it_trota sq_peshk
it_grandine sq_shi
it_dare_da_mangiare sq_vdes_urie
sq_atlas it_libro
sq_kasap it_panettiere
sq_fjalor it_libro
it_editoriale sq_gazetë
it_povertà sq_disipline
it_lupo sq_krijesë
it_malattia sq_kancer
it_canarino sq_pendë
it_orchidea sq_bimë
it_sopracciglio sq_fytyrë
sq_martohem_me it_sposare
sq_krokodil it_animale
it_viaggiare sq__bëj_autostop
it_innocenza sq_hardhi
sq_fshij it_catturare
sq_grup it_legione
sq_kohë it_spazio
sq_mëlçi it_biologo
it_amico sq_armik
sq_lule it_orchidea
sq_deklarata it_tesi
sq_numër it_otto
sq_kufomë it_trono
it_coltello sq_kamë
it_figura sq_hurmë_arabie
sq_durim it_impazienza
it_hamburger sq_zog
sq_bri_dreri it_cervo
sq_kërkoj it_richiamare
sq_mace it_mammifero
it_giornale sq_oficer
sq_rosë it_uccello
it_competizione sq_garë
sq_fuçi it_pistola
sq_rrepkë it_carota
sq_qyp it_contenitore
it_bottiglia sq_enë
sq_mjellmë it_viaggio
sq_patate it_pomodoro
it_splendere sq_shndrit
it_quantità sq_sasi
sq_them it_raccomandare
sq_makarona it_insalata
it_fungo sq_mirësi
sq_pica it_cibo
it_abbondanza sq_pamjaftueshmëri
sq_peshk it_branzino
sq_trung it_oasi
it_bevanda_frizzante sq_pije
sq_kredi it_mora
sq_bizele it_cibo
it_colt sq_armë
it_parte_posteriore sq_fasadë
sq_zog it_papero
sq_kafshë it_agnello
it_anatomia sq_njeri
it_casa sq_pallat
sq_fuqi it_argilla
sq_makineri it_spezia
sq_armik it_amico
it_elemosinare sq_pi_me_gllënka
it_figlio sq_prind
sq_mbiemër it_verbo
sq_sport it_ascia
sq_thashetheme it_pettegolezzo
it_marito sq_gjarpër
it_superstizione sq_besim
it_desiderare sq_sulm
it_opinione sq_mendim
sq_parajsë it_paradiso
it_rinunciare sq_mund
sq_shembull it_esempio
it_camion sq_automjet
sq_e_tashme it_futuro
sq_xhevahir it_anello
sq_tërheq it_raccontare
sq_shtrij it_tirare
it_boccia sq_bouling
it_cassetto sq_tryezë_shkrimi
it_droga sq_drogë
sq_shpërbëj it_bruciare
sq_zonjë it_castello
it_arbusto sq_bimë
it_arrossire sq_nxihem
sq_pronë it_possesso
sq_amator it_esperto
it_disciplina sq_dënim
it_artista sq_krijues
it_settimana sq_vit
sq_tas it_bowling
sq_bind it_cambiare
sq_rrepë it_pianta
sq_shes it_riconoscere
it_giocattolo sq_lodër
it_incolpare sq_akuzoj
sq_sirtar it_scrivania
it_mettere sq_lëkund
sq_fjalim it_linguaggio
it_fronte sq_i_pasëm
sq_punëtor it_contadino
it_atrio sq_ndërtesë
sq_qumësht it_liquido
it_pasticcino sq_ushqim
it_parete sq_dhomë
it_rame sq_bronz
sq_trombë it_strumento
sq_virtyt it_paesaggio
it_tagliare sq_përshtat
sq_detyrë it_compito
sq_person it_editore
sq_rimel it_rossetto
it_grattacielo sq_takim
sq_kanarinë it_uccello
it_tastiera sq_organo
it_cavolo sq_ushqim
sq_rrokullis it_saltare
sq_tërhiqem it_discendere
sq_ndajfolje it_parola
it_bretella sq_sytjena
it_rimedio sq_shkak
sq_lutem it_sorseggiare
it_baseball sq_sport
it_presidente sq_udhëheqës
sq_thikë it_spada
sq_elefant it_animale
it_cotone sq_material
it_urtare sq_bluaj
it_gas sq_automjet
sq_patë it_tacchino
it_parlare sq_komunikoj
it_ritardo sq_nxitoj
sq_qofte it_cibo
sq_dyshek it_aggiunta
sq_detyrë it_compiti_a_casa
sq_gaforre it_frutti_di_mare
it_salire sq_bie
it_bambino sq_bijë
sq_tortë it_cibo
it_prodotto sq_port
it_movimento sq_lëvizje
sq_rrugë it_autostrada
sq_djall it_dio
it_persona sq_mysafir
it_macchiare sq_fshij
sq_pendë it_pesce
sq_gjevrek it_cibo
it_pala sq_mjet
it_verdura sq_domate
it_spostare sq_shkarkoj
it_dimenticare sq_zvogëloj
it_corno sq_dhi
it_pidocchio sq_insekt
it_contralto sq_tenor
it_furto sq_shtim
it_lime sq_fruta
it_figura sq_statujë
sq_sasi it_quantità
it_cavolfiore sq_brokoli
sq_kalë it_cavallo
sq_bukë it_calcio
it_dipendente sq_punëdhënës
sq_punëtor it_muratore
it_aritmetica sq_matematikë
sq_kafeinë it_té
it_serpente sq_kafshë
it_blu sq_ngjyrë
it_sopraffare sq_mposht
it_contea sq_shtet
it_polmone sq_organ
it_nylon sq_material
it_maschio sq_femër
it_cozza sq_ushqim_deti
it_frittata sq_ushqim
it_calcolare sq_llogaris
it_pettegolezzo sq_thashetheme
it_cerniera sq_portë
sq_ind it_osso
it_foca sq_kafshë
sq_bisturi it_canarino
it_lingua sq_fyt
sq_copëz it_pezzo
sq_shtëpi it_palazzo
it_sgabello sq_fillim
sq_zinxhir it_bicicletta
sq_shpatë it_spada
sq_qëllim it_scalpello
it_martello sq_mjet
sq_anë_e_djathtë_e_anijes it_sinistra
it_lumaca sq_guxim
sq_mobilje it_letto
it_melma sq_pleh
it_zanzara sq_insekt
it_difesa sq_sulm
sq_zgavër it_dente
it_scavatore sq_punëtor
sq_karburant it_automobile
sq_shkatërroj it_uccidere
it_parlare sq_këshilloj
it_toilette sq_tualet
sq_supë it_brodo
it_avanzare sq_marr
sq_lëkurë it_capelli
it_frutti_di_mare sq_midhje
it_sbaglio sq_gabim
it_proprietà sq_zotërim
it_nucleo sq_qelizë
it_cucina sq_njësi
it_seta sq_pambuk
sq_pambuk it_poliestere
sq_vëzhgoj it_fermarsi
sq_kriket it_gioco
sq_tufë it_gruppo
it_clacson sq_makinë
it_idrogeno sq_helium
sq_baba it_figlio
sq_lejlek it_uccello
sq_llogaris it_calcolare
sq_aparat_fotografik it_anatomia
sq_përplas it_schiacciare
it_moglie sq_grua
it_guscio sq_breshkë
sq_zbokth it_fiocco
sq_armik it_coccodrillo
it_caffeina sq_çaj
it_limousine sq_automjet
sq_piper it_sale
it_lava sq_shkëmb
it_sport sq_sëpatë
it_profitto sq_humbje
it_cappotto sq_fireplace
sq_bagazh it_auto
sq_boronicë it_bacca
it_scimmia sq_kafshë
sq_punëtor it_meccanico
sq_shikoj it_allungare
sq_pikturë it_arte
it_conflitto sq_mosmarrëveshje
it_sostantivo sq_folje
it_punta sq_laps
sq_qark it_paese
sq_instrument it_tromba
sq_zbres it_moltiplicare
it_ascia sq_vegël
sq_dëgjim it_vista
sq_viç it_animale
it_avversario sq_kundërshtar
sq_peni it_moneta
it_tifone sq_stuhi
it_biancheria_intima_da_donna sq_të_brendshme
it_presente sq_e_ardhme
sq_shkëput it_attaccare
sq_mëlçi it_cuore
it_bacca sq_qershi
sq_heq_dorë_ it_scuotere
it_piuma sq_zog
it_tenente sq_guxim
it_sacerdote sq_rabin
it_speranza sq_dëshpërim
it_prezzemolo sq_sherebelë
sq_konkurs it_calcolatrice
sq_nënë it_donna
sq_mungesë it_medicina
sq_kompetencë it_capacità
sq_drogë it_droga
sq_vëlla it_sorella
sq_tastierë it_organo
it_insalata_di_cavolo sq_ushqim
it_granchio sq_ushqim_deti
sq_makineri it_computer
sq_dinozaur it_creatura
it_rame sq_tunxh
sq_guaskë it_tartaruga
it_insalata_di_cavolo sq_sallatë
sq_të_dhëna it_informazione
it_scoppio sq_zhurmë
sq_vrapoj it_correre
sq_verandë it_casa
sq_mace it_aspetto
sq_krah it_pipistrello
sq_dhimbje_koke it_dolore
sq_ind it_ponte
sq_pagesë it_affitto
it_ciliegia sq_hardhi
it_nascondere sq_zhvilloj
it_strumento sq_trombë
it_tenere sq_kontrolloj
sq_lime it_frutta
sq_salmon it_pesce
it_padre sq_bir
sq_mandarinë it_frutta
it_analisi sq_trigonometri
sq_qime it_mammifero
it_antidoto sq_drogë
sq_vendos it_dare
it_capacità sq_udhëheqje
sq_merluc it_pesce
sq_raketboll it_sport
it_principessa sq_princ
it_avena sq_drithra
sq_piano it_strumento
sq_liri it_libertà
it_trombone sq_instrument
sq_lojë it_scacchi
it_cucinare sq_djeg
it_uccidere sq_vras
it_jazz sq_muzikë
it_coccodrillo sq_kafshë
it_frode sq_mashtrim
it_colpa sq_ndjenje
it_cordolo sq_anë
it_sottaceto sq_ushqim
sq_lakër it_verdura
sq_kokë it_corpo
it_spalla sq_trup
sq_grup it_coro
sq_banjë it_comunicazione
sq_alto it_tenore
sq_karkalec it_frutti_di_mare
it_culla sq_krevat_fëmijësh
sq_përçaj it_ottenere
it_moglie sq_burri
it_persona sq_alpinist
sq_rrush it_estremità
it_dimenticare sq_mohoj
it_gamba sq_kofshë
it_numero sq_tetë
it_corvo sq_zog
it_schiena sq_sup
it_accettare sq_mohoj
it_frammento sq_copë
sq_përziej it_mescolare
it_persuadere sq_ndryshoj
it_sintomo sq_orkide
sq_grip it_malattia
it_osservare sq_ndaloj
it_mora sq_fruta
it_anatra sq_kafshë
it_falce sq_mjet
sq_murgeshë it_monaco
sq_lëng it_acqua
it_formaggio sq_gjalpë
sq_errësirë it_flanella
sq_udhëtoj it_fare_autostop
it_mollusco sq_ushqim_deti
sq_dush it_pioggia
sq_formulë it_panettiere
sq_letër it_materiale
sq_dështoj it_operare
sq_luleshtrydhe it_frutta
it_principe sq_anëtar_i_familjes_mbretërore
it_culmine sq_histori
it_corso_d'acqua sq_linjë
sq_patok it_uccello
sq_mbroj it_proteggere
sq_hundë it_viso
it_nomade sq_person
sq_xhelozi it_sensazione
sq_rërë it_spiaggia
sq_makth it_sogno
sq_komandant it_capo
it_settimana sq_fillim
it_biscotto sq_biskotë
it_zero sq_numër
it_torta sq_ushqim
sq_tetë it_numero
it_sottrazione sq_mbledhje
sq_anë_e_djathtë_e_anijes it_gabinetto
it_aspettare sq_hezitoj
sq_hedh it_fare_una_pausa
sq_shkumës it_pastello
sq_enciklopedi it_libro
it_equipaggio sq_grup
sq_helium it_gas
it_raduno sq_banket
it_volta sq_kulm
it_dizionario sq_libër
sq_vonoj it_mostrare
it_lavoro sq_detyrë_shtëpie
sq_dënim it_ricompensa
sq_virtyt it_qualità
it_sgabello sq_tualet
it_strabuzzare_gli_occhi sq_shikoj
it_acqua sq_akull
sq_llogaris it_consegnare
it_strofinare sq_kap
it_tristezza sq_baba
sq_grurë it_cereale
sq_gjashtë it_numero
sq_mushkonjë it_insetto
sq_vetull it_viso
sq_artikulacion it_dito
it_eroe sq_shejtan
it_persona sq_nomad
sq_bast it_scommessa
it_proteggere sq_mbroj
it_serratura sq_derë
it_pazienza sq_padurim
it_uomo sq_grua
it_stetoscopio sq_instrument
sq_fajësi it_innocenza
it_crepuscolo sq_pasuri
sq_nuse it_raduno
sq_monopoli it_gioco
sq_fanellatë it_materiale
it_nove sq_numër
it_boschetto sq_grup
sq_jelek it_camicia
sq_mangustë it_animale
it_moglie sq_art
sq_këpurdhë it_fungo
sq_siguri it_pericolo
it_cricket sq_lojë
sq_kafeinë it_problema
sq_sëpatë it_strumento
it_buio sq_dritë
it_cigno sq_udhëtim
sq_pjeshkë it_pera
it_guardare sq_zgjas
sq_lumi it_signore
sq_katër it_numero
sq_bërthamë it_cellula
it_aggettivo sq_folje
it_serietà sq_sinqeritet
it_noce sq_pemë
sq_mish_viçi it_cibo
it_macellaio sq_furrtar
it_ritirarsi sq_zbres
it_ascesa sq_zbritje
it_materasso sq_shtim
it_bisturi sq_mjet
sq_ndjenje it_estasi
it_sedano sq_marule
sq_shkëlqej it_brillare
sq_folës it_inferno
sq_vendos it_dondolare
it_cammello sq_kafshë
sq_gjitar it_animale
it_suolo sq_dush
sq_migrenë it_mal_di_testa
it_figlia sq_bir
it_uovo sq_qumësht
it_pranzo sq_mëngjes
sq_fondacion it_organizzazione
sq_tragjedi it_commedia
sq_skaj it_gamba
it_dare_la_colpa sq_vë
sq_ndaj it_strappare
sq_gjarpër it_serpente
sq_dhelpër it_animale
sq_pajisje it_telefono
it_acquistare sq_blej
sq_vidhi it_quercia
it_carta sq_material
it_prendere_in_prestito sq_mërzis
sq_aligator it_animale
sq_tradhtar it_ladro
sq_vajze it_ragazzo
sq_ndërtesë it_costruzione
it_animale sq_enë
sq_limon it_frutta
it_tenere sq_përqafoj
it_strada sq_rrugë
it_lanciatore sq_kapës
sq_fëmijë it_figlia
sq_krah it_aereo
sq_nuse it_nozze
sq_partner it_matrimonio
sq_çatall it_elefante
sq_kaçavidë it_fantasma
sq_ushqim it_torta
it_sentimento sq_xhelozi
sq_brumëra it_cibo
sq_zgjuarsi it_umorismo
sq_drekë it_colazione
sq_sfurk it_strumento
it_vincitore sq_humbës
it_puzzare sq_shkarkoj
it_scherzo sq_shaka
sq_vathë it_gioielli
it_bastone sq_kërcell
sq_anatomi it_scienza
sq_inspektoj it_esaminare
it_tacchino sq_mish
it_riciclare sq_shpërdoroj
it_garza sq_fashë
it_anisetta sq_alkool
sq_qyrre it_letame
sq_tërheq it_tirare
it_tirare sq_shtyj
sq_ricikloj it_sprecare
sq_mbrojtje it_casco
sq_shpatë it_arma
it_professore sq_fakultet
it_calcolo sq_marule
it_mora sq_ushqim
sq_mësoj it_giudicare
sq_ngjitem it_partire
sq_faj it_sensazione
it_cascata sq_tenis
sq_baltë it_religione
sq_zotim it_promessa
it_canna sq_armë
it_geologia sq_shkencë
it_dati sq_informacion
sq_bimë it_rapa
sq_fajësoj it_bere
it_biologia sq_shkencë
it_utensile sq_mjet
it_foca sq_balonë
it_ragazza sq_djalë
sq_biskotë it_agrume
sq_stol it_gabinetto
sq_trullos it_irritare
sq_glob it_sfera
sq_lepur it_animale
it_assone sq_neuron
it_assumere sq_gjykoj
sq_manaferrë it_cibo
it_contenitore sq_balonë
it_dondolare sq_vendos
it_inferno sq_ferr
sq_hekur it_acciaio
it_autunno sq_stinë
sq_bejsboll it_sport
it_insetto sq_mushkonjë
sq_javë it_inizio
sq_njeri it_donna
it_tacchino sq_zog
it_pettirosso sq_zog
sq_makinë_shkrimi it_macchina
it_deteriorare sq_harroj
sq_bëj it_essere
it_sporcizia sq_papastërti
sq_kontratë it_accordo
sq_kriket it_sport
sq_qengj it_animale
sq_material it_nylon
sq_dele it_pecora
sq_përfundim it_inizio
sq_material it_pelle
it_persona sq_lexues
sq_darkë it_cassetto
sq_valvul it_cuore
it_pittura sq_art
sq_shkurre it_pianta
sq_pjesë it_capitale
it_culla sq_trajtim
sq_degë it_ramo
sq_kafshë it_contenitore
it_pila sq_grumbull
sq_harroj it_negare
sq_mushkonjë it_saggezza
sq_gisht it_guanto
it_ammettere sq_mohoj
sq_fjalor it_discorso
sq_limit it_confine
sq_kalë it_mammifero
it_influenza sq_sëmundje
it_gioventù sq_grup
sq_kundërshtar it_avversario
it_catena sq_biçikletë
sq_kyçi_i_dorës it_braccio
sq_eliminim it_processo
it_mal_di_testa sq_simptomë
sq_mbaj it_abbracciare
it_scienza sq_anatomi
it_punta sq_shigjetë
sq_sport it_attività
it_viale sq_rrugë
it_tacco sq_çizme
it_chitarra sq_instrument
it_apparire sq_ndodh
sq_veri it_sud
it_competenza sq_aftësi
sq_zjarr it_fiamma
it_sposare sq_martohem
it_fare sq_jam
it_arma sq_kamë
it_sgranocchiare sq_përtyp
sq_lumturi it_emozione
sq_ndaj it_distaccare
sq_çimento it_pietra
sq_matës it_marciapiede
sq_dëshirë it_attaccare
sq_arrij it_costruire
it_costola sq_kafshë
sq_njeri it_enciclopedia
sq_notoj it_correre
it_principe sq_kapiten
sq_fushë it_stadio
it_uva sq_ushqim
sq_aspirinë it_farmaco
sq_prek it_pizzicare
sq_mbret it_capo
sq_zorrë it_stomaco
it_cono sq_formë
it_comandante sq_udhëheqës
sq_lejoj it_ritornare
sq_pinguin it_uccello
it_strumento sq_kaçavidë
sq_nyje it_gomito
sq_shifër it_numero
it_sport sq_aktivitet
it_tacco sq_kofshë
it_cristiano sq_kishë
sq_zinxhir it_pantaloni
sq_fillim it_fine
sq_pjesëtoj it_aggiungere
it_pittore sq_artist
it_camicia sq_mikroskop
it_sonaglio sq_zile
sq_troftë it_pesce
sq_mbaj it_ostacolare
sq_pirun it_moda
sq_mëndafsh it_materiale
it_camera sq_qelizë
it_cancro sq_sëmundje
it_aereo sq_top
it_paradiso sq_ferr
it_traditore sq_hajdut
it_veicolo sq_kamion
it_assenza sq_mjekësi
sq_zellshmëri it_sincerità
it_anca sq_trup
sq_midhje it_cibo
sq_zgavër it_ratto
it_camionetta sq_automjet
sq_nostalgji it_memoria
it_cotone sq_poliestër
it_polpo sq_krijesë
it_triangolo sq_formë
it_lanciare sq_mërzis
it_piede sq_inç
it_ala sq_zog
it_rompere sq_përtyp
sq_vrasës it_uccisore
sq_hamburger it_cibo
it_dissentire sq_bie_dakord
it_colpire sq_humbas
it_re sq_udhëheqës
it_cervo sq_dre
sq_jug it_nord
it_pane sq_ushqim
it_esistenza sq_të_qenit
sq_holl it_seta
it_forcone sq_përzierje
it_dividere sq_gris
sq_mposht it_rinunciare
sq_kokë it_freccia
it_granchio sq_kafshë
sq_krater it_vulcano
sq_fitues it_perdente
it_signore sq_zonjë
it_stuzzicare sq_performoj
it_riconoscere sq_injoroj
sq_oficer it_legge
it_morte sq_lindje
it_dritta sq_tualet
sq_katër it_due
it_buio sq_fanellatë
sq_kam_sukses it_fallire
sq_banxho it_strumento
sq_pemë it_pianta
it_nuotatore sq_vrapues
it_guerra sq_konflikt
it_lampada sq_tavolinë
sq_ndihmoj it_aggiungere
it_pinguino sq_zog
it_casco sq_xhep
it_padre sq_nënë
sq_katror it_forma
it_persona sq_arkëtar
sq_dhi it_capretto
it_hockey sq_fjali
sq_lundër it_barca
sq_banjë it_gabinetto
it_truffatore sq_hajdut
it_ansia sq_ndjenjë
sq_kangur it_animale
sq_atom it_mitologia
it_camera sq_përrallë
sq_feja it_credenza
sq_rreth it_linea
it_edificio sq_katedrale
it_staccare sq_bashkangjit
it_linguaggio sq_komunikim
sq_bukë it_cibo
sq_sëmundje it_malattia
sq_rrogë it_salario
it_aereo sq_avion
sq_skuadër it_squadra
sq_ziej it_congelare
it_chimica sq_thikë
it_sedia sq_mobilje
sq_produkt it_porto
sq_fsheh it_sviluppare
sq_gjerësi it_altezza
sq_fsheh it_nascondere
sq_pinguin it_animale
it_esempio sq_shembull
it_scultura sq_vizatim
sq_tigan it_piatto
it_ciambella sq_ushqim
sq_ndryshoj it_persuadere
sq_balenë it_cricket
it_patata sq_domate
sq_avancoj it_ritirarsi
sq_bar_i_keq it_erba
sq_bori it_auto
sq_sulmoj it_rimuovere
it_istruzione sq_perandori
it_spia sq_agjent
it_divisione sq_grup
sq_zemëroj it_trascorrere
sq_skuadër it_gruppo
it_camuffare sq_fsheh
it_cavità sq_mi
sq_byrek it_cibo
sq_gjuhe it_comunicazione
it_inserire sq_shumëzoj
sq_dollap it_stanza
sq_boronicë it_frutta
it_poesia sq_shkrim
it_forza sq_fuqi
it_scrivere sq_bisedoj
it_unire sq_martohem
sq_kafshë it_anatra
it_scienza sq_gjeologji
it_allungare sq_tërheq
sq_kuletë it_cameriere
sq_anatomi it_umano
sq_kënaqësi it_mandria
it_petto sq_gjel_deti_
sq_punonjës it_datore_di_lavoro
sq_notoj it_affondare
sq_ndaloj it_macchiare
sq_fryj it_colpire
sq_skuqem it_abbronzarsi
it_urlare sq_flas
sq_shkrim it_storia
it_estremità sq_këmbë
sq_këmbë it_braccio
sq_kaçavidë it_martello
sq_fitimtar it_vincitore
it_suggerimento sq_sugjerim
it_racquetball sq_sport
sq_lule it_offesa
sq_art it_scultura
it_mal_di_testa sq_dhimbje
sq_lopatë it_strumento
it_quercia sq_pishë
it_pelle sq_material
it_albero sq_bimë
sq_shah it_gioco
sq_pistoletë it_arma
sq_xhol it_carta
it_gioia sq_pikëllim
it_merluzzo sq_peshk
it_piccolo_insetto sq_insekt
it_stipendio sq_pagë
sq_domate it_verdura
it_cattedrale sq_ndërtesë
it_attraversamento sq_breshkë
it_frigorifero sq_pajisje
sq_blu it_colore
sq_deve it_animale
it_cacciavite sq_çekiç
it_pollice sq_gisht
sq_lëng it_latte
sq_jashtë it_dentro
sq_hajdut it_malattia
sq_semestër it_ora
sq_prapa it_fronte
sq_qytetar it_persona
it_secchio sq_kovë
sq_elefant it_lezione
sq_mi it_roditore
it_ciliegia sq_fruta
sq_noçkë it_elefante
sq_qesh it_piangere
sq_këmbë it_ginocchio
it_banjo sq_instrument
sq_zorrë it_fegato
sq_automjet it_motociclo
it_ramoscello sq_degë
sq_armë it_spada
sq_nisem it_arrivare
it_oca sq_gjel_deti_
sq_mandarinë it_nucleo
it_schioccare sq_kërcitje
sq_makarona it_cibo
it_delfino sq_oksigjen
it_disaccordo sq_konflikt
it_punizione sq_shperblim
sq_salçiçe it_cibo
it_chiarire sq_shpjegoj
it_ala sq_engjëll
sq_produkt it_somma
it_ufficiale sq_ligj
sq_plutoni it_pianeta
sq_pikë it_spada
it_girare sq_ndryshoj
sq_stetoskop it_strumento
sq_libër it_enciclopedia
it_latte sq_lëng
sq_vidër it_animale
sq_person it_scalatore
sq_aeroplan it_cannone
it_silenzio sq_tingull
it_fiaba sq_histori
it_pedale sq_biçikletë
sq_lodër it_giocattolo
it_suora sq_softball
sq_këmbë it_pollice
it_birra sq_alkool
it_ingoiare sq_shpërdoroj
sq_vras it_uccidere
it_forchetta sq_modë
sq_arkitekturë it_acqua
sq_furrë it_apparecchio
sq_tostier it_apparecchio
it_scimmia sq_humor
it_vitello sq_ushqim
sq_mjet it_cacciavite
it_noce_pecan sq_arrë
it_promettere sq_ngjis
sq_veteriner it_veterano
sq_grabitës it_buio
sq_familje it_casa
sq_rrymë it_tratto
it_mucca sq_kafshë
it_apparecchio sq_larës
sq_xhip it_veicolo
it_dito_del_piede sq_shputë
sq_softboll it_calcio
sq_zemër it_intelletto
sq_enë it_thermos
it_calza sq_geta
it_inverno sq_stinë
it_lavoratore sq_kameriere
it_fallire sq_funksionoj
sq_person it_cassiere
it_tastiera sq_kompjuter
sq_pres it_esitare
it_coniglio sq_kafshë
it_budino sq_ëmbëlsirë
it_furia sq_zemërim
it_perno sq_dem
sq_pije it_birra
it_gallo sq_pulë
sq_daltë it_strumento
sq_jap it_prendere
it_verruca sq_nishan
it_rapa sq_bimë
sq_gëlltis it_sprecare
it_cameriera sq_punëtor
it_rubino sq_xhevahir
it_cerniera sq_pantallona
it_monaco sq_kundërshtar
it_dare sq_marr
it_brocca sq_enë
sq_piktor it_artista
sq_supersticion it_credenza
sq_viç it_bestiame
sq_dinozaur it_animale
sq_dimër it_estate
sq_atmosferë it_killer
sq_barrakuda it_pesce
sq_sallatë_me_lakër it_insalata
sq_pisllëk it_sporco
sq_nënë it_femmina
it_spinaci sq_perime
it_gioiello sq_unazë
it_seta sq_pëlhurë
sq_marangoz it_lavoratore
sq_gjel it_pollo
sq_kthehem it_differire
sq_shkatërroj it_assaggiare
sq_gazetë it_ufficiale
it_atlante sq_libër
it_frigorifero sq_top
sq_bijë it_figlio
it_dividere sq_përftoj
it_ufficiale sq_trupor
sq_azot it_idrogeno
it_capo sq_këmbë
sq_kovë it_secchio
sq_mërzit it_contare
sq_urith it_animale
sq_mbaj it_dare
sq_shpresë it_disperazione
sq_kërkoj it_richiesta
sq_gjurmoj it_seguire
it_trigonometria sq_algjebër
it_fuori sq_brenda
sq_sëmundje it_cancro
it_crema_pasticciera sq_ushqim
it_strega sq_punë
sq_muzikë it_suono
sq_histori it_gioiello
it_emozione sq_ndjenjë
sq_kallaj it_alluminio
sq_dhimbje_koke it_sintomo
sq_arrij it_aumentare
it_cavalletta sq_bulkth
sq_sallatë_me_lakër it_cibo
sq_ndërtesë it_cattedrale
sq_vëzhgoj it_abbronzarsi
it_sostanza sq_ujë
it_ingoiare sq_shes
sq_kontratë it_documento
sq_kalë_i_vogël it_cavallo
sq_vrasës it_ladro
it_trattore sq_automjet
sq_godit it_correre
sq_shishe it_contenitore
sq_hedh it_lanciare
it_esplodere sq_godas
it_cibo sq_elb
sq_bllokadë it_barriera
it_cena sq_dinozaur
sq_majmun it_mammifero
it_lanciare sq_pushoj
it_competenza sq_luftë
sq_shkencë it_geologia
it_zia sq_planet
it_discutere sq_diskutim
it_cacciavite sq_fantazmë
it_manzo sq_bagëti
it_risposta sq_përgjigje
it_partire sq_mbërrij
it_metallo sq_shoqëri
it_destino sq_fat
sq_vagon-restorant it_ristorante
it_virtù sq_cilësi
sq_muzg it_ricchezza
sq_gjarpër it_animale
sq_kungull it_zucca
sq_rrymë it_ossigeno
it_sega sq_vegël
sq_përgjigje it_domanda
it_acero sq_pemë
sq_gorillë it_primate
sq_zhurmë it_rumore
sq_shfaq it_unire
sq_rreth it_forma
it_operazione sq_shpirt
sq_magjistare it_lavoro
it_scalpello sq_mjet
it_negozio sq_dyqan
it_compressa sq_pilulë
it_pagliaio sq_fitues
sq_makinë it_veicolo
it_cassetto sq_tavolinë
it_monopoli sq_lojë
it_grano sq_drithë
sq_nxis it_dire
sq_nesër it_ieri
sq_përzierje it_varietà
sq_gojë it_universo
it_pala sq_kovë
it_macchina sq_kompjuter
it_sensazione sq_ankth
sq_vdekje it_nascita
sq_gisht_i_madh it_dito
sq_fat it_vestito
it_zucca sq_kungull
it_gruppo sq_kor
it_storia sq_xhevahir
sq_dështim it_successo
sq_dhomë it_fiaba
it_mandarino sq_fruta
it_erba sq_helm
sq_kor it_gruppo
sq_softboll it_sport
sq_prapavijë it_parte_anteriore
it_serpente sq_zvarranik
sq_luftë it_conflitto
it_perdonare sq_bind
it_scendere sq_krijoj
it_verdura sq_spinaq
it_gabbiano sq_zog
sq_papunësi it_occupazione
sq_mëngjes it_notte
it_animale sq_qengj
sq_taifun it_tempesta
it_morte sq_fund
sq_qepë it_aglio
sq_ujë it_liquido
sq_thyej it_spiegare
it_mescolare sq_përziej
sq_provë it_prova
it_nemico sq_mik
it_pepe sq_kripë
it_caffeina sq_problem
it_branzino sq_peshk
it_bisturi sq_kanarinë
it_erba sq_palcë
sq_garuzhde it_pala
it_otturatore sq_aparat_fotografik
sq_najloni it_materiale
it_nord sq_jug
sq_shtrat it_mobilio
sq_agjenci it_gruppo
sq_trekëndësh it_forma
it_progetto sq_element
it_politico sq_guvernator
it_dilettante sq_parajsë
sq_bri it_toro
sq_bisturi it_strumento
it_scritto sq_poemë
sq_kanabis it_veleno
it_film sq_diell
sq_presje it_punteggiatura
it_proboscide sq_elefant
sq_skulpturë it_disegno
it_dilettante sq_ekspert
it_strumento sq_piano
sq_kontroll it_esperimento
it_mangusta sq_kafshë
it_apparecchio sq_furrë
sq_petull it_cibo
it_chirurgo sq_mjek
sq_kivi it_frutta
sq_pjatë it_cibo
it_doccia sq_shi
it_piatto sq_lugë
sq_lëkurë it_scamosciato
it_rosa sq_vjollcë
it_lontra sq_kafshë
sq_kimi it_coltello
sq_liker it_gin
sq_ekuipazh it_gruppo
sq_pengesë it_muro
it_olmo sq_lisi
sq_amator it_paradiso
it_labbro sq_gjuhë
it_collana sq_byzylyk
it_lavastoviglie sq_pajisje
it_prendere sq_mbaj
sq_sorrë it_uccello
sq_mbys it_uccidere
it_granito sq_guri
it_ponte sq_anije
sq_princeshë it_fortuna
it_ragazza sq_person
sq_liroj it_tenere
sq_e_gjelbër it_giallo
sq_grua it_eroina
it_selezione sq_zgjedhje
sq_mendim it_credenza
it_crema_pasticciera sq_ndërtesë
it_fine sq_fund
it_veterinario sq_veteran
it_spremere sq_mbaj
sq_gotë_laboratori it_tazza
it_rifiutare sq_njollos
sq_acid it_conchiglia
sq_ndjekës it_capo
sq_mashtrim it_frode
sq_korsi it_strada
sq_mur it_camera
it_psicologia sq_shkencë
it_softball sq_sport
sq_drenushë it_animale
sq_pjatëz it_piatto
sq_shërbyes it_cameriera
it_pagamento sq_qira
sq_flas it_consigliare
it_squadra sq_ekip
sq_mëndafsh it_cotone
it_comunità_di_donne sq_organizatë
it_vocabolario sq_fjalim
sq_uragan it_tempesta
it_conclusione sq_fillim
it_vincitore sq_dështak
it_raggiungere sq_rrit
it_furgone sq_automjet
sq_qershi it_frutto
sq_darkë it_dinosauro
sq_buzëkuq it_classe
sq_mund it_sconfiggere
it_fiore sq_ofendim
sq_sqaroj it_spiegare
it_segreta sq_kështjellë
sq_shpatull it_gomito
sq_rekomandoj it_consigliare
it_cavità sq_dhëmb
sq_kërkoj_falje it_persuadere
it_aggettivo sq_fjalë
sq_perëndim it_alba
sq_armë it_arma
sq_karrocë it_carrozza
it_rovesciare sq_kërcej
it_prisma sq_formë
it_detergente sq_pastrues
sq_lëvizje it_movimento
it_trattore sq_kamion
sq_kaktus it_pianta
it_dovere sq_detyrim
sq_këpurdhë it_mostro
it_nuotare sq_zhytem
it_carrozza sq_karrocë
sq_arrë it_albero
sq_byzylyk it_collana
sq_mama it_genitore
sq_elefant it_mammifero
sq_saturn it_pianeta
sq_kulm it_storia
it_forma sq_prizëm
it_calcio sq_sport
sq_kafshë it_messaggio
sq_analiza_matematike it_matematica
it_linea sq_krem
it_gamba sq_karrige
sq_shkrim it_poesia
sq_detyre_shtepie it_incarico
sq_martesë it_ago
it_sollecitare sq_them
sq_rini it_gruppo
it_esploratore sq_lundërtar
sq_qen it_animale
it_colpevolezza sq_pafajësi
sq_ijë it_corpo
it_gatto sq_kafshë
sq_krijim it_evento
sq_fajësoj it_accusare
it_nemico sq_armik
sq_zinxhir it_fasciatura
it_metodista sq_pagëzues
sq_fyt it_collo
it_guanto sq_dorashka_pa_gishta
it_bollire sq_ngrij
sq_prift it_rabbino
it_rinunciare sq_tundem
it_crepuscolo sq_muzg
it_gioielli sq_unazë
sq_fokë it_animale
sq_shkruaj it_parlare
it_far_finta sq_njom
sq_dhomë_gjumi it_casa
it_cacciavite sq_mjet
sq_kimi it_scienza
sq_artist it_creatore
it_principio sq_ide
sq_katedrale it_edificio
sq_toger it_coraggio
it_pinna sq_peshk
sq_kuvertë it_nave
sq_fat it_ruscello
sq_kon it_forma
sq_pulëbardhë it_uccello
sq_orkide it_fiore
it_pianta sq_kafshë
sq_gotë it_armadietto
it_suora sq_murg
it_cavallo sq_ekip
sq_largoj it_reprimere
it_strumento sq_kitarë
sq_shpinë it_spalla
it_algebra sq_matematikë
it_pasto sq_stilolaps
sq_hero it_furfante
sq_e_pëparme it_retro
it_tempo sq_hapësirë
it_professionista sq_ekspert
it_accordo sq_mosmarrëveshje
sq_ndërtoj it_rompere
it_strada sq_autostradë
it_maiale sq_mish
it_mobilio sq_pjerrësi
it_occhio sq_fytyrë
sq_përkëdhel it_toccare
it_gelosia sq_ndjenje
it_ascendere sq_largohem
sq_kokërr it_ciliegia
sq_premtoj it_scalare
it_lupo sq_kafshë
sq_orë it_vita
sq_fitimtar it_perdente
it_corsia sq_rrugë
sq_krijesë it_lupo
sq_supë it_cibo
it_panino sq_ushqim
it_arachide sq_shqemë
it_seguace sq_udhëheqës
sq_lopatë it_secchio
sq_mohoj it_dimenticare
sq_sëmundje it_salute
sq_gjarpër it_rettile
sq_shtrat it_camera_da_letto
sq_instinkt it_conoscenza
sq_oxhak it_camino
it_ala sq_aeroplan
sq_mashkull it_femmina
sq_çel it_canguro
sq_rrugicë it_strada
sq_rrip it_reggiseno
it_corso sq_rrugë
it_minatore sq_punëtor
sq_proteinë it_latte
sq_vonohem it_fretta
it_cattedrale sq_plagosje
it_mammifero sq_qen
it_pizza sq_ushqim
it_respingere sq_përmbahem
it_polsino sq_mëngë
sq_gisht_këmbe it_piede
it_persona sq_botues
it_fragola sq_fruta
sq_poet it_scrittore
it_motociclo sq_automjet
sq_funeral it_cerimonia
sq_përshtypje it_viale
sq_errësirë it_luce
it_irritare sq_shpenzoj
sq_mbaj it_controllare
sq_përplasem it_macinare
it_medicazione sq_trajtim
sq_nuk_pajtohem it_concordare
it_strada sq_bulevard
it_polpetta sq_ushqim
sq_futboll it_sport
sq_teh it_tagliaerba
sq_ngjyrë_gështenjë it_colore
it_chimico sq_shkencëtar
sq_ngjitje it_discesa
it_stomaco sq_abdomen
sq_parajsë it_inferno
sq_sfurk it_miscela
it_acqua sq_ajër
sq_pako it_scatola
sq_krevat_bebesh it_trattamento
sq_flas it_bussare
sq_larës it_detersivo
it_esercito sq_demokraci
sq_gëlltis it_vendere
it_battere sq_mposht
it_acido sq_guaskë
sq_motër it_comunità_di_donne
it_autore sq_krijues
it_club sq_organizatë
it_coltello sq_shpatë
sq_kanarinë it_piuma
it_spirito sq_humor
sq_fajësoj it_mettere
it_pony sq_kalë
it_scrittura sq_histori
it_assassino sq_vrasës
sq_gomë it_materiale
it_dissolvere sq_zvogëloget
sq_pranoj it_ignorare
it_tecnico sq_punëtor
sq_sy it_viso
sq_llambë it_tavolo
sq_fruta it_ciliegia
it_rossetto sq_klasë
it_autostrada sq_rrugë
sq_formë it_triangolo
sq_kamion it_veicolo
it_trainare sq_tërheq
it_distruggere sq_shkërrmoq
sq_zjarr it_acqua
sq_shënim it_comunità_di_donne
it_tessuto sq_vakt
sq_pije_me_gaz it_bevanda
it_coro sq_grup
sq_shtambë it_ricevitore
sq_murg it_avversario
it_cactus sq_bimë
sq_gjitar it_cane
sq_tra_ it_supporto
it_stoppino sq_qiri
sq_armë it_pugnale
it_proteina sq_vezë
it_fango sq_fe
it_satana sq_zot
sq_bakër it_ottone
sq_dhëndër it_nozze
it_mandria sq_grup
it_microscopio sq_teleskop
sq_traktor it_camion
it_limousine sq_makinë
it_sud sq_veri
it_forza sq_gravitet
it_deglutire sq_gëlltis
it_benzina sq_makinë
sq_shkencë it_anatomia
it_bicchiere sq_kabinet
sq_bëj_autostop it_chiamare
sq_rubin it_gioiello
it_torcia_elettrica sq_agjensi
sq_orkide it_pianta
sq_vras it_soffocare
it_signora sq_kala
it_geometria sq_matematikë
sq_pjeshkë it_frutta
sq_qytetar it_venditore
sq_psikologji it_scienza
it_papero sq_zog
sq_rrjedhje it_buco
sq_i_ulur it_che_sta_in_piedi
sq_mikrovalë it_apparecchio
it_pranzo sq_darkë
it_bagagliaio sq_makinë
sq_emër it_parola
it_ricordarsi sq_kërkoj
it_bistecca sq_ushqim
it_anatomia sq_shkencë
it_gara sq_konkurs
it_unghia_del_piede sq_gishti_këmbës
it_strumento sq_bisturi
it_cena sq_sirtar
it_vitello sq_mish
sq_najlon it_cotone
sq_dre it_cervo
sq_djep it_culla
sq_vajzë it_persona
sq_proteinë it_carne
sq_vjedhje it_aggiunta
sq_shaka it_scherzo
sq_kameriere it_lavoratore
sq_filxhan it_tazza
sq_violinë it_strumento
sq_kryetar it_capo
sq_bri it_capra
it_tornado sq_stuhi
sq_aritmetikë it_matematica
it_motociclo sq_biçikletë
sq_kënaqësi it_dolore
sq_ngacmoj it_eseguire
it_avversario sq_kor
sq_baba it_madre
sq_shtoj it_moltiplicare
it_destino sq_marinar
it_fallimento sq_sukses
it_animale sq_rosë
sq_selino it_lattuga
sq_pjatë it_cucchiaio
it_prestazione sq_vend
sq_vakt it_penna
sq_projekt it_elemento
it_azoto sq_oksigjen
sq_fazë it_rapinatore
sq_tornado it_tempesta
it_cifra sq_numër
it_domani sq_dje
sq_blej it_acquistare
it_senso sq_liri
sq_pranoj it_acquistare
it_farfalla sq_insekt
sq_murgeshë it_softball
sq_thua it_dito_del_piede
sq_pije it_bevanda_frizzante
sq_rrush it_cibo
it_intestino sq_stomak
sq_ndajfolje it_sostantivo
sq_instrument it_chitarra
it_pubblicazione sq_revistë
sq_kockë it_tessuto
sq_kirurg it_medico
it_auto sq_automjet
it_avvenimento sq_lino
it_canguro sq_kafshë
sq_helmetë it_protezione
sq_dimër it_stagione
sq_tabletë it_pillola
sq_hedh_një_shikim it_guardare
sq_fokë it_mammifero
sq_mish_viçi it_carne
sq_kimist it_scienziato
sq_urrej it_riflettere
sq_zinxhir it_secchio
it_capo sq_gjilpërë
it_labbro sq_gojë
it_gamberetto sq_karavidhe
sq_kaçavidë it_strumento
it_gamba sq_krah
sq_sobë it_pavimento
sq_ngjyrë_kafe it_verde
it_imparare sq_gjykoj
it_legislatura sq_legjion
sq_volejboll it_sport
sq_këngëtar it_prova
it_brillare sq_shkëlqen
it_gioielli sq_vathë
it_regina sq_dush
it_lingua sq_gojë
it_sposa sq_mbledhje
sq_shtambë it_contenitore
it_contratto sq_marrëveshje
it_eliminazione sq_proces
it_marrone sq_e_gjelbër
it_mese sq_vit
it_delfino sq_gjitar
sq_përtyp it_masticare
sq_lidhëse it_scarpa
it_giurare sq_premtoj
it_coniglio sq_sinagogë
it_anatra sq_zog
sq_tokë it_doccia
it_tessuto sq_urë
it_latte sq_gjalpë
it_sopraffare sq_mërzis
it_veicolo sq_vegël
sq_granit it_pietra
it_senso sq_marrëzi
sq_pistoletë it_pistola
sq_klub it_confraternita
it_bevanda sq_pije_e_gazuar
sq_detyrë it_obbligo
it_forma sq_trekëndësh
it_mattina sq_inteligjencë
it_apparecchio sq_pjatalarëse
it_gamberetto sq_ushqim_deti
it_scheggia sq_copë
it_cane sq_kafshë
sq_karkalec it_aragosta
sq_delfin it_ossigeno
sq_keqbërës it_scassinatore
it_cavallo sq_gjitar
it_cobra sq_gjarpër
sq_supozoj it_giudicare
sq_ind it_organo
it_organo sq_veshkë
it_sostantivo sq_fjalë
it_tazza sq_filxhan
it_saturno sq_planet
it_udito sq_pamje
it_viaggio sq_udhëtim
it_concorrenza sq_kalkulatriçe
sq_kontrolloj it_tenere
sq_armë it_fucile
sq_fëmijë it_genitore
it_aspirina sq_ilac
sq_forcë it_gravità
sq_futboll it_pallacanestro
sq_rozë it_viola
sq_kthej it_rompere
it_avverbio sq_emër
it_impressione sq_rrugë
it_sposa sq_dasmë
sq_ndjenjë it_gelosia
sq_kobra it_serpente
sq_njehsim it_lattuga
it_rame sq_portofol
sq_pres it_sequestrare
it_ruscello sq_oksigjen
it_raccomandare sq_këshilloj
sq_krismë it_fare_scoppiare
it_cadavere sq_fron
it_uccidere sq_mbys
it_re sq_monark
sq_lëng it_tastiera
sq_qëllim it_successo
sq_marr it_conservare
sq_baseball it_calcio
sq_traktor it_veicolo
it_pane sq_futboll
sq_kalë it_squadra
sq_thembër it_coscia
sq_rrokullisem it_difendere
sq_mbretëreshë it_doccia
it_osso sq_nofull
sq_pikturë it_lavatrice
it_gioco sq_shah
sq_fasule it_cibo
sq_volejboll it_gioco
it_piacere sq_dhimbje
sq_bakër it_bronzo
it_violino sq_violinë
it_salsiccia sq_ushqim
sq_azi it_africa
it_padella sq_pjatë
sq_turshi it_cibo
sq_varëse it_braccialetto
it_aquila sq_zog
sq_karrige it_mobilio
sq_motoçikletë it_veicolo
sq_lëviz it_rimanere
sq_majmun it_animale
it_femmina sq_byzylyk
it_debolezza sq_fuqi
sq_ndotje it_barca
it_bourbon sq_alkool
sq_uiski_burbon it_alcol
sq_instrument it_tuba
sq_teknik it_lavoratore
it_minoranza sq_tualet
sq_mjekim it_trattamento
it_regina sq_anëtar_i_familjes_mbretërore
sq_bejsboll it_gioco
sq_rajon it_compagno
it_squalo sq_peshk
sq_mish_derri it_carne
sq_fat it_fato
it_odiare sq_reflektoj
sq_mbret it_monarca
sq_frikë it_tenore
it_rompere sq_shpjegoj
sq_vegël it_strumento
it_calibro sq_trotuar
sq_jap it_inviare
it_paura sq_tenor
it_controllo sq_eksperiment
sq_ujë it_pozzanghera
it_ammettere sq_blej
it_letto sq_mobilje
it_balena sq_gjinkalle
it_aglio sq_qepë
sq_kockë it_mascella
sq_ujë it_ghiaccio
it_inquinamento sq_varkë
it_colomba sq_zog
it_sedile sq_fron
sq_biologji it_scienza
it_geologia sq_mendim
it_avere_successo sq_dështoj
it_canoa sq_varkë
sq_golf it_gioco
sq_kuptim it_libertà
it_bagel sq_ushqim
sq_frigorifer it_palla
sq_mohoj it_schiacciare
it_strada sq_karkalec
it_camera_da_letto sq_shtëpi
it_verde sq_e_verdhë
it_prendere sq_kam
it_ipotesi sq_pishinë
sq_dorezë it_muffola
it_procione sq_kafshë
it_dodici sq_numër
sq_nëpunës it_calcolo
sq_ekstazë it_stato
sq_parim it_idea
it_altoparlante sq_ferr
sq_mbrëmja_e_maturës it_festa
sq_tërbim it_rabbia
sq_saksofon it_strumento
it_chirurgia sq_pushime
it_capelli sq_gjitar
sq_djathë it_burro
it_sostantivo sq_mbiemër
it_ora sq_jetë
sq_ekzistencë it_essere
it_fare_autostop sq_thërras
it_idolo sq_shpatë
it_obbiettivo sq_daltë
sq_kalim it_tartaruga
it_cerimonia sq_teh
sq_kirurgji it_vacanza
sq_sanduiç it_cibo
sq_kërmill it_coraggio
sq_politikan it_governatore
it_volpe sq_kafshë
sq_shkencë it_matematica
sq_drekë it_violino
it_incubo sq_ëndërr
it_gola sq_qafë
it_apparecchio sq_mikrovalë
sq_lëkund it_mettere
sq_substancë it_acqua
sq_të_brendshme_femrash it_biancheria_intima
it_alba sq_perëndim
it_pianta sq_lule
it_strumento sq_bastub
it_kiwi sq_fruta
sq_krem_karamel it_costruzione
sq_fasule it_verdura
it_sala sq_kalim
sq_idhull it_spada
it_mattina sq_natë
it_reminiscenza sq_kujtim
sq_prizëm it_forma
it_coda sq_ujë
sq_birucë it_castello
it_accettare sq_rikthej
it_distruggere sq_vras
sq_tru it_movimento
sq_mëngjes it_intelligenza
it_sei sq_shtatë
it_semestre sq_orë
it_mostrare sq_bashkoj
sq_bashkëshorte it_arte
sq_bisht it_acqua
it_religione sq_besim
sq_ceremoni it_laurea
sq_gjuhë it_bocca
sq_skicë it_disegno
sq_them it_suggerire
sq_rakun it_animale
it_campo sq_stadium
sq_mish it_umano
it_animale sq_gjitar
sq_buburrec it_insetto
it_collare sq_qafë
it_musica sq_tingull
it_madre sq_baba
sq_qepen it_telecamera
it_virtù sq_peizazh
it_ricchezza sq_varfëri
it_sottrazione sq_rezidencë
sq_refuzoj it_fermare
sq_sharrë it_strumento
it_barattolo sq_enë
sq_zvarranik it_animale
it_formica sq_insekt
it_coniglietto sq_lepur
it_fungo sq_përbindësh
it_fegato sq_biolog
it_analizzare sq_shpërdoroj
it_retro sq_përpara
it_notizia sq_informacion
it_bocca sq_univers
sq_kyç it_porta
it_mandorla sq_kikirik
it_creazione sq_ngjarje
it_veicolo sq_motoçikletë
sq_bar it_midollo
it_macchina_fotografica sq_anatomi
it_oboe sq_instrument
sq_karkalec it_grillo
sq_mbledhje it_festa
sq_lulelakër it_broccoli
it_punta sq_shpatë
it_dividere sq_shtoj
sq_titull it_tecnica
sq_lugë it_forchetta
it_ombrello sq_akull
it_seta sq_material
it_oca sq_zog
sq_patok it_biologia
it_cambiare sq_shkëmbej
it_ala sq_lëkurë
it_carrozza sq_tren
sq_shqiponjë it_uccello
it_agenzia sq_grup
sq_xhaz it_musica
sq_kujtoj it_chiedere
sq_heq_dorë it_sconfiggere
it_correre sq_hidhem
it_piede sq_bimë
sq_kalim it_cavalletta
sq_nënë it_padre
it_orecchino sq_unazë
it_mirtillo sq_fruta_pylli
sq_analizoj it_sprecare
it_permettere sq_kthej
sq_pishe it_albero
it_cervello sq_lëvizje
sq_delfin it_mammifero
it_cratere sq_vullkan
sq_harpë it_strumento
it_nozione sq_kushtetutë
it_toccare sq_pickoj
sq_matematikë it_scienza
it_piattino sq_pjatë
sq_vend it_trono
sq_motoçikletë it_bicicletta
it_dritta sq_anë_e_majtë_e_anijes
sq_arrë_amerikane it_noce
sq_kapak it_occhio
sq_mace it_animale
it_dito sq_dorezë
sq_zbritje it_aggiunta
sq_lord it_signora
it_pomodoro sq_perime
sq_spatul it_utensile
it_caratteristica sq_fytyrë
sq_majonezë it_cibo
it_permettere sq_bashkangjis
it_capra sq_kec
sq_hamburger it_uccello
it_trainare sq_them
sq_buding it_dolce
it_fluido sq_tastierë
it_pasta sq_sallatë
sq_ndryshoj it_scambiare
sq_ind it_pasto
sq_periudhë it_pubertà
it_dilettante sq_zotërim
it_video sq_televizion
sq_person it_nomade
sq_dymbëdhjetë it_numero
it_tenore sq_dështak
it_apparecchio sq_frigorifer
sq_kafshë it_rettile
sq_burri it_serpente
it_arpa sq_instrument
sq_monedhë it_nichelino
it_dispositivo sq_telefon
it_pisello sq_ushqim
sq_i_rritur it_bambino
it_sentiero sq_leopard
sq_hedh it_infastidire
sq_sallë it_passaggio
sq_video it_televisione
it_profilo sq_skicë
sq_ibrik it_contenitore
it_rene sq_organ
sq_pranga it_manica
it_tristezza sq_hare
it_quadrato sq_rreth
sq_ujë it_aria
it_ferro sq_çelik
it_quadrato sq_formë
it_pianoforte sq_instrument
sq_elefant it_ufficiale
it_astronomia sq_shkencë
it_sensazione sq_ekstazë
sq_çekiç it_strumento
it_rivolgersi sq_qëndroj
sq_ngrihem it_scendere
it_forcone sq_mjet
it_cena sq_vakt
it_centesimo sq_monedhë
it_detenuto sq_i_dënuar
it_uccello sq_patok
it_gomma sq_material
sq_përfitoj it_scoppiare
it_creatura sq_insekt
it_stupro sq_krim
it_che_sta_seduto sq_në_këmbë
it_autista sq_bri
it_gravità sq_forcë
it_lavoratore sq_marangoz
sq_tërheq it_spingere
sq_këpurdhë it_gentilezza
it_servizio sq_gabim
it_arrossire sq_sqaroj
it_disintegrare sq_djeg
sq_hudhër it_cipolla
it_bollettino sq_lajme
sq_qemer it_vertice
it_gorilla sq_primat
it_cipolla sq_hudhër
it_superstrada sq_rrugë
it_nipote sq_bir
it_edera sq_bimë
it_banana sq_fruta
sq_pikë it_matita
it_flauto sq_instrument
it_motore sq_tren
it_separare sq_shkëpus
it_moglie sq_unazë
sq_ujk it_creatura
it_letto sq_dhomë_gjumi
it_forma sq_sferë
sq_gjeometri it_matematica
sq_gjel_deti it_uccello
it_rum sq_alkool
it_camino sq_oxhak
it_violino sq_instrument
it_jolly sq_letër
it_hamburger sq_ushqim
it_poeta sq_shkrimtar
sq_elektrik_ it_agenzia
it_malattia sq_shëndet
it_gruppo sq_legjion
it_stufa sq_kat
sq_karotë it_cibo
sq_lopë it_animale
it_atomo sq_mitologji
sq_kokë it_coda
it_volta sq_dhomë
sq_morr it_insetto
it_limone sq_pemë
sq_helm it_veleno
it_prosciutto sq_mish
sq_këmbëz it_pistola
it_eseguire sq_flas
it_re sq_sundimtar
sq_frigorifer it_apparecchio
it_cantante sq_dëshmi
it_tre sq_gjashtë
sq_mik it_nemico
sq_foto it_televisione
sq_rum it_alcol
it_succo sq_qumësht
it_libertà sq_liri
sq_këmbë it_coscia
it_spalla sq_bërryl
it_tragedia sq_komedi
sq_tastierë it_computer
sq_ndjenje it_ansia
it_chiedere sq_kujtoj
sq_paaftësi it_capacità
it_attaccare sq_heq
it_tramonto sq_agim
sq_libër it_atlante
it_erba sq_bimë
sq_skuqem it_chiarire
it_integrità sq_punëtor
it_farina sq_dasmë
it_stagno sq_alumin
it_cemento sq_guri
sq_muzg it_crepuscolo
it_avanzare sq_tërhiqem
sq_shofer it_corna
sq_klub it_organizzazione
it_acciaio sq_teh
sq_sugjerim it_suggerimento
sq_njohuri it_istinto
it_fare_jogging sq_vrapoj
sq_baba it_violino
it_risaia sq_oriz
sq_pretendoj it_inzuppare
it_uovo sq_arkitekturë
sq_lëviz it_scaricare
it_parlare sq_ulëras
it_funerale sq_ceremoni
sq_konflikt it_disaccordo
sq_garzë it_fasciatura
it_zanna sq_detyrë
sq_dhëmb it_sega
it_tessuto sq_organ
it_raccogliere sq_rrotulloj
it_partire sq_kontrolloj
it_elefante sq_kafshë
it_gatto sq_shfaqje
it_trave sq_strukturë_mbajtëse
sq_ushqim it_salsiccia
it_poliziotto sq_ligj
it_azione sq_aksion
sq_peshkop it_re
it_erba sq_bar
sq_kikirik it_anacardo
it_arte sq_skulpturë
it_immagine sq_televizion
it_toilette sq_komunikim
it_madre sq_femër
sq_trëndafil it_pianta
it_sei sq_numër
sq_vezë it_latte
it_rima sq_darkë
sq_miell it_nozze
it_calcio sq_basketboll
it_cibo sq_salçiçe
sq_kurbë it_superstizione
it_ossigeno sq_ujë
it_baseball sq_lojë
it_mammifero sq_elefant
it_affermazione sq_tezë
it_plutone sq_planet
sq_metodist it_battista
sq_thyej it_schiacciare
sq_muaj it_anno
sq_ceremoni it_funerale
sq_lis it_pino
it_fagiolo sq_perime
it_strumento sq_lopatë
sq_operacion it_spirito
sq_simptomë it_orchidea
sq_jupiteri it_plutone
it_serpente sq_gjarpër
it_limite sq_kufi
it_voto sq_premtim
sq_pajisje it_lavatrice
sq_pushoj it_correre
it_maionese sq_ushqim
it_enciclopedia sq_libër
it_fare_un'osservazione sq_vras
sq_gabim it_sovrano
it_pecora sq_dele
it_scuotere sq_fundos
sq_sirtar it_cassapanca
it_donna sq_heroinë
it_liquore sq_xhin
sq_jakë it_collo
sq_brinjë it_animale
it_piccolo_ristorante sq_restorant
it_distruggere sq_shijoj
sq_gravitet it_forza
it_apparecchio sq_shpinë
it_catena sq_fashë
sq_holl it_edificio
it_assassino sq_hajdut
it_mammifero sq_kafshë
it_tastiera sq_krah
sq_lodër it_bambola
sq_oksigjen it_acqua
sq_mbarim it_fine
it_fagiolo sq_ushqim
it_uragano sq_stuhi
sq_përparoj it_prendere
sq_dashuri it_sentimento
sq_dorashka_pa_gishta it_guanto
it_scienza sq_matematikë
sq_legjislaturë it_legione
it_quattro sq_numër
sq_ushqim_deti it_cozza
sq_vulë it_aquilone
sq_krah it_pelle
it_comprendere sq_përtyp
sq_aromë it_manica
sq_pakicë it_gabinetto
it_mascara sq_buzëkuq
sq_buzë it_bocca
it_prosciutto sq_ushqim
it_felicità sq_emocion
it_destino sq_rrymë
it_blocco sq_pengesë
it_valvola sq_zemër
it_vescovo sq_mbret
it_lettera sq_simbol
sq_zbres it_creare
it_impiegato sq_njehsim
sq_kafshë it_elefante
sq_udhëtim it_viaggio
it_sabbia sq_plazh
it_tessuto sq_pambuk
sq_pranoj it_ristabilire
it_cittadino sq_person
sq_kaçavidë it_chiodo
sq_shtrydh it_tenere
it_braccialetto sq_varëse
sq_hallë it_pianeta
it_limone sq_frut
sq_simbol it_lettera
sq_banane it_frutta
it_principessa sq_pasuri
sq_këmishë it_microscopio
sq_kasafortë it_camera
it_andarsene sq_qëndroj
it_toccare sq_kap
sq_automjet it_utensile
it_cucchiaio sq_pirun
it_nylon sq_pambuk
sq_procedurë it_lacrima
sq_pulë it_cibo
sq_shkop it_gambo
sq_mëndafsh it_tessuto
it_libro sq_enciklopedi
it_verde sq_blu
it_cerchio sq_linjë
it_smettere sq_filloj
sq_rrugë it_gamberetto
it_arcobaleno sq_qiell
it_disordine sq_rregull
it_dente sq_sharrë
it_camino sq_mjellmë
sq_këmbë it_sedia
sq_zemërim it_riso
it_sottrarre sq_shumëzoj
it_ispezionare sq_ekzaminoj
sq_pafajësi it_uva
sq_pallto it_camino
it_risposta sq_pyetje
it_yogurt sq_ushqim
sq_aligator it_rettile
it_scacchi sq_lojë
sq_femër it_braccialetto
it_cittadino sq_shitës
sq_akson it_neurone
sq_mëlçi it_organo
sq_autostradë it_strada
sq_bashkoj it_dividere
it_fare_una_pausa sq_vrapoj
sq_katedrale it_ferita
sq_ndershmëri it_lavoratore
it_cassetto sq_sënduk
it_palpebra sq_sy
sq_lejoj it_allegare
sq_trombon it_strumento
sq_stomak it_addome
it_lavoratore sq_mekanik
it_capo sq_pil
sq_bashkëshorte it_donna
sq_gushëkuq it_uccello
sq_mi it_animale
it_cambiare sq_bind
sq_kafe it_latte
it_fuoco sq_ujë
sq_mushkëri it_organo
it_midollo sq_kockë
it_piatto sq_ushqim
sq_punë it_compiti_a_casa
sq_kthej it_inviare
it_ombra sq_dritë
it_penna sq_flotë
sq_pije_e_gazuar it_liquido
sq_bimë it_fiore
it_raggiungere sq_ndërtoj
sq_mashtrim it_inganno
sq_mbroj it_difendere
sq_shfaqem it_accadere
it_armadio sq_dhomë
it_testa sq_trup
it_lama sq_kositës
it_scamosciato sq_material
it_dare_una_pacca sq_prek
it_soffocare sq_vras
it_fiore sq_orkide
it_microonde sq_pajisje
it_servitore sq_kameriere
sq_mendoj it_sospettare
sq_performoj it_parlare
it_flanella sq_material
it_umano sq_enciklopedi
it_tenere sq_jap
it_leone sq_tigër
sq_javë it_anno
sq_fryj it_far_scoppiare
it_fondazione sq_organizatë
it_misura sq_gallon
it_colpire sq_vrapoj
it_ravanello sq_karotë
sq_ylber it_cielo
sq_dyqan it_negozio
sq_murator it_lavoratore
sq_burrë_i_fuqishëm it_toro
it_nocca sq_gisht
sq_pedale it_bicicletta
it_difendere sq_mbroj
sq_shoqëri_studentore_vajzash it_organizzazione
it_nuotare sq_vrapoj
sq_majë it_ago
it_virgola sq_shenja_pikësimi
it_palcoscenico sq_grabitës
it_pallavolo sq_lojë
it_vendere sq_blej
sq_vdekje it_fine
it_leopardo sq_tigër
it_aspettare sq_kap
sq_polic it_legge
it_materiale sq_najloni
sq_midhje it_frutti_di_mare
it_regione sq_partner
sq_arsim it_impero
it_squadra sq_grup
it_controllare sq_mbaj
it_acqua sq_lëng
sq_perime it_pomodoro
it_forfora sq_shtresë
it_foca sq_gjitar
sq_stafi it_scuola
sq_shërbim it_sbaglio
sq_organ it_rene
sq_stol it_inizio
sq_notar it_corridore
it_libro sq_atlas
it_pace sq_luftë
it_gettare sq_hedh
sq_kafshë it_mammifero
sq_kos it_cibo
it_pesce sq_levrek
sq_oficer it_caporale
it_collo sq_rrymë
sq_vjeshtë it_stagione
it_emicrania sq_dhimbje_koke
it_fegato sq_zemër
it_giove sq_plutoni
sq_natë it_giorno
it_mandarino sq_bërthamë
it_veleno sq_helm
sq_rrugë it_viale
it_alba sq_muzg
sq_mobilje it_sedia
sq_bulevard it_strada
it_accelerare sq_ndërtoj
sq_lajme it_informazione
it_gruppo sq_bandë
it_pesce sq_valvul
sq_betohem it_promettere
it_elio sq_gaz
it_cucciolo sq_kafshë
it_gatto sq_gjitar
sq_bori it_strumento
it_pallacanestro sq_sport
sq_publikim it_rivista
it_trance sq_gjendje
sq_e_gjelbër it_blu
sq_motor it_treno
it_sorella sq_shoqëri__vajzash
it_golf sq_lojë
sq_gjel_deti it_carne
it_daino sq_kafshë
sq_zhvilloj it_imparare
it_brodo sq_ushqim
it_negare sq_shtyp
sq_grua it_marito
sq_lëkurë it_materiale
sq_krah it_uccello
it_proteina sq_qumësht
sq_gjeologji it_scienza
sq_emocion it_sentimento
it_gilet sq_këmishë
it_borsetta sq_tas
sq_ankth it_sentimento
it_dinosauro sq_krijesë
sq_dhomë it_cella
it_dire sq_rekomandoj
it_spada sq_armë
sq_pambuk it_materiale
sq_veshkë it_organo
sq_vërej it_uccidere
it_topo sq_kafshë
sq_balenë it_mammifero
it_pesca sq_dardhë
it_fluido sq_ujë
it_ratto sq_kafshë
sq_zbehet it_diminuire
sq_poet it_persona
sq_panje it_albero
it_taxi sq_taksi
it_falegname sq_punëtor
sq_garë it_competizione
sq_kanabis it_pianta
sq_proteinë it_uovo
it_costruire sq_shkatërroj
sq_projektues it_creatore
sq_peshkaqen it_pesce
it_arma sq_shpatë
sq_lepur it_coniglio
it_vite sq_gozhdë
it_tamia sq_ketër
it_fegato sq_organ
sq_punonjës it_lavoratore
sq_princ it_capitano
it_carota sq_ushqim
sq_çorape it_collant
it_globo sq_sferë
sq_vathë it_anello
it_orecchino sq_stoli
sq_formë it_sfera
it_rettile sq_kafshë
sq_shtoj it_sottrarre
sq_vezë it_architettura
sq_figurë it_statua
sq_çelik it_lama
it_sposo sq_dasmë
sq_aftësi it_guerra
it_edificio sq_ndërtim
it_canna sq_organ
it_pensare sq_dyshoj
it_rapinatore sq_errësirë
it_tenere sq_pengoj
sq_portokall it_frutta
sq_grup it_banda
sq_formë it_prisma
sq_këlysh it_animale
it_gesso sq_bojra_dhjami
sq_trotuar it_lato
sq_material it_gomma
it_gru sq_zog
sq_tre it_sei
sq_opinion it_pensiero
sq_pëllumb it_uccello
it_zanzara sq_urtësi
sq_thikë it_pugnale
it_salmone sq_peshk
it_fiamma sq_kënaqësi
it_casco sq_mbrojtje
sq_ushtri it_democrazia
it_attico sq_papafingo
it_emicrania sq_dhimbje
it_planare sq_pluskoj
sq_kuptim it_assurdità
it_passaggio sq_karkalec
it_avverbio sq_fjalë
sq_emër it_aggettivo
sq_emër it_verbo
sq_gatuaj it_bruciare
it_rifiutare sq_pranoj
it_richiesta sq_kërkoj
