tr_alet de_schraubendreher
de_stickstoff tr_oksijen
tr_toprak de_erde
tr_sormak de_erinnern
tr_varoluş de_sein
tr_siren de_signal
tr_hareket de_bleiben
de_racquetball tr_spor
tr_personel de_gruppe
tr_sokak de_boulevard
tr_erkek_kardeş de_schwester
tr_beyzbol de_sport
tr_kapmak de_nehmen
de_stoßzahn tr_fil
de_vorrücken tr_almak
tr_tasarlamak de_bauen
tr_almak de_erhöhen
tr_şiir de_sonett
de_nichte tr_oğul
de_schnecke tr_cesaret
de_bauen tr_yapmak
de_kofferraum tr_fil
de_steuerung tr_deney
tr_güç de_lehm
tr_oksijen de_gas
de_lunge tr_organ
de_taube tr_kuş
de_herbst tr_mevsim
tr_karanlık de_licht
de_legislative tr_lejyon
de_gitarre tr_müzik_aleti
de_gerät tr_buzdolabı
de_autobahn tr_yol
de_autorität tr_güç
tr_ara_sokak de_straße
tr_dağcı de_person
tr_şair de_person
de_apex tr_nokta
de_darm tr_karaciğer
tr_cerrah de_arzt
de_kirsche tr_üzüm
de_geisel tr_esir
de_prinz tr_kaptan
de_behindern tr_tutmak
de_diener tr_köle
de_material tr_naylon
de_rutschen tr_hareket_etmek
tr_koyun de_herde
tr_satürn de_planet
de_ablösen tr_iliştirmek
de_buch tr_ansiklopedi
de_zigarette tr_tütün
de_zeichnung tr_boyama
tr_kafein de_kaffee
tr_değişiklik de_wechseln
de_macht tr_yerçekimi
de_musik tr_ses
tr_nokta de_bleistift
de_gewehr tr_silah
tr_müşteri de_person
tr_yeşil de_gelb
de_schwören tr_söz_vermek
tr_tenor de_verlierer
de_läufer tr_atlet
tr_dudak de_mund
tr_yumruklamak de_schlagen
de_niere tr_organ
tr_sığır de_herde
tr_salon de_passage
de_rubin tr_zümrüt
tr_el de_arm
de_ente tr_kuş
tr_düşünmek de_vermuten
tr_akciğer de_organ
tr_yazı de_geschichte
tr_naylon de_baumwolle
tr_hedef de_erfolg
de_eindruck tr_bulvar
de_rüstung tr_çatı_katı
de_kopfschmerzen tr_ağrı
de_prinzessin tr_kraliyet
de_mahlzeit tr_abur_cubur
tr_ıspanak de_gemüse
tr_fil_hortumu de_elefant
de_heuhaufen tr_kazanan
de_dämmerung tr_zenginlik
de_truthahn tr_et
tr_süt de_flüssigkeit
tr_dokunmak de_klopfen
tr_böğürtlen de_lebensmittel
tr_güvercin de_vogel
de_brühe tr_gıda
de_schaufel tr_alet
de_erholung tr_aktivite
de_schreiber tr_hesap
tr_keçi de_kind
de_lampe tr_masa
de_könig tr_önder
de_aufsteigen tr_tırmanmak
tr_ödünç_almak de_stören
de_ofen tr_cihaz
tr_karavan de_fahrzeug
de_legion tr_grup
de_woche tr_yıl
de_messer tr_hançer
de_verkaufen tr_kabul_etmek
tr_zeytin de_essiggurke
de_motor tr_tren
de_mitarbeiter tr_çalışan
tr_pusula de_instrument
de_sitzen tr_yatmak
tr_atmosfer de_mörder
tr_ayrılmak de_steuern
tr_toplantı de_konferenz
tr_iskambil de_spiel
tr_karıştırmak de_wenden
tr_batı de_richtung
tr_tuş_takımı de_organ
de_feige tr_yiyecek
de_substantiv tr_sıfat
de_cremespeise tr_yiyecek
de_kern tr_atom
de_versagen tr_başarı
tr_jüpiter de_pluto
de_lilie tr_bitki
tr_hayvan de_reptil
tr_on_sent de_nickel
de_schloss tr_kapı
tr_kürek de_eimer
tr_çanta de_bedienung
de_beachtung tr_odak
tr_midilli de_pferd
de_kader tr_grup
tr_duygu de_eifersucht
tr_sözleşme de_dokument
de_kreatur tr_kurt
de_attackieren tr_kaldır
tr_mantar de_pilz
tr_izlenim de_allee
tr_soda de_getränk
tr_asya de_afrika
tr_paket de_briefumschlag
de_merkmal tr_yüz
tr_yaratık de_insekt
tr_tampon de_auto
tr_tuvalet de_kommunikation
tr_düşman de_krokodil
de_verfassung tr_belge
tr_ayırtmak de_halten
de_suchen tr_muayene_etmek
de_beschleunigen tr_inşa_etmek
de_krebs tr_hastalık
de_arbeitnehmer tr_kadın_garson
de_gurt tr_sütyen
de_sitzen tr_yayılmak
de_vier tr_iki
de_mädchen tr_oğlan
tr_bölmek de_reißen
de_leber tr_organ
tr_pire de_insekt
de_sport tr_balta
de_erdbeere tr_yaban_mersini
de_oboe tr_müzik_aleti
tr_yüzük de_schmuck
de_dämmerung tr_gün
de_diebstahl tr_suç
tr_kadın de_heldin
tr_kitap de_enzyklopädie
tr_kaz de_vogel
de_flügel tr_cilt
tr_atlet de_sportler
de_abendessen tr_çekmece
tr_tavşan de_tier
tr_göstermek de_sagen
de_reptil tr_hayvan
de_saxophon tr_tedavi
de_formel tr_denklem
tr_dokunmak de_greifen
tr_sirke de_säure
de_dichtung tr_uçurtma
de_vanillesoße tr_bina
de_symptom tr_orkide
tr_kurt de_tier
de_transporter tr_araç
tr_katedral de_verletzung
tr_teğmen de_offizier
tr_biftek de_lebensmittel
tr_cüzdan de_handtasche
tr_öğle_yemeği de_abendessen
de_brücke tr_karşı
tr_çörek de_lebensmittel
de_strom tr_oksijen
tr_nacak de_axt
de_stinken tr_yollamak
de_silber tr_altın
tr_panzehir de_medizin
tr_gün_batımı de_sonnenaufgang
de_ahorn tr_ağaç
tr_şömine de_kamin
de_abhilfe tr_sebep
de_marmor tr_taş
de_pferd tr_memeli
de_stunde tr_hayat
tr_yeğen de_sohn
tr_stetoskop de_instrument
tr_yumurta_sarısı de_ei
de_bier tr_sıvı
tr_ileti de_hinweis
tr_prenses de_vermögen
tr_tilki de_tier
de_treffen tr_konferans
tr_mezar_taşı de_grab
tr_bira de_flüssigkeit
tr_konuşmak de_schreien
tr_makarna de_salat
de_ereignis tr_keten
tr_balık de_hai
de_streiken tr_kaçırmak
de_stoßzahn tr_görev
tr_kurabiye de_lebensmittel
tr_yokluk de_medizin
de_feige tr_hurma
de_empfehlen tr_öğüt_vermek
tr_gökada de_universum
de_arbeiten tr_kontrol_etmek
de_prüfung tr_sınav
de_entfernen tr_boşaltmak
tr_gül de_pflanze
de_ohr tr_çalışan
tr_kader de_matrose
tr_kano de_boot
de_korbwiege tr_beşik
de_redner tr_cehennem
de_reservieren tr_tutmak
de_löwe tr_kaplan
tr_mandalina de_obst
de_spiel tr_satranç
tr_anlaşma de_uneinigkeit
tr_hesaplamak de_liefern
de_pausieren tr_koşmak
tr_şeftali de_birne
tr_abur_cubur de_mahlzeit
de_killer tr_katil
tr_naylon de_material
tr_bilezik de_halskette
de_kamin tr_kuğu
tr_kişi de_bürger
tr_oğlan de_mann
de_bohne tr_yiyecek
de_straße tr_otoban
tr_terapi de_behandlung
de_existenz tr_olmak
de_rose tr_bitki
tr_yüz de_menge
tr_masumiyet de_traube
de_tastatur tr_org
tr_salıncak de_drücken
de_körper tr_ceset
de_akzeptieren tr_reddetmek
tr_ilaç de_saxophon
tr_güç de_schwere
de_taschenlampe tr_ajans
de_fähigkeit tr_liderlik
de_ermöglichen tr_dönmek
tr_marka de_art
tr_karaciğer de_herz
de_rationalisieren tr_tartışmak
tr_yasaklamak de_untersagen
tr_amatör de_experte
tr_fırın de_gerät
tr_cıvata de_schloss
tr_karides de_meeresfrüchte
de_joghurt tr_yiyecek
tr_söz_vermek de_steigen
de_professor tr_personel
de_führung tr_katman
tr_teneke de_aluminium
de_laus tr_pire
tr_kil de_keramik
de_adverb tr_isim
tr_ev_ödevi de_anweisung
de_beil tr_balta
de_übung tr_aktivite
tr_taslak de_skizze
tr_yerdomuzu de_tier
de_löffel tr_çatal
tr_besleme de_verhungern
tr_uç de_schwert
tr_yumurta de_milch
de_baum tr_orman
tr_soyguncu de_dunkelheit
tr_çekmece de_kommode
tr_peri_masalı de_geschichte
tr_karnıbahar de_lebensmittel
de_politiker tr_vali
tr_bezelye de_lebensmittel
tr_kovmak de_unterdrücken
de_kichern tr_gülmek
tr_anne de_vater
tr_gazete de_offizier
tr_tuvalet de_alligator
de_streiten tr_rasyonelleştirmek
tr_keski de_werkzeug
tr_gökdelen de_treffen
de_kuchen tr_yiyecek
tr_yelek de_hemd
de_stuhl tr_mobilya
de_abweichen tr_anlaşmak
de_erröten tr_açıklamak
de_anislikör tr_alkol
de_limousine tr_migren
tr_pişirmek de_brennen
de_helium tr_gaz
tr_doku de_haut
de_drachen tr_kuş
de_scheibe tr_pencere
de_bagel tr_yiyecek
tr_topuk de_schenkel
tr_atmosfer de_licht
de_kanarienvogel tr_kuş_tüyü
de_abschleppen tr_söylemek
de_juwel tr_taş
de_zustimmung tr_bank
tr_cam de_kabinett
de_flügel tr_kuş
tr_martı de_vogel
de_detail tr_puan
de_fachmann tr_profesör
tr_koca de_ehepartner
de_gefühl tr_kaygı
de_geometrie tr_matematik
tr_salyangoz de_mut
de_kastanienbraun tr_renk
de_leihen tr_rahatsız_etmek
tr_hain de_dieb
tr_sallamak de_zittern
tr_şekil de_kugel
de_zuhause tr_saray
de_ei tr_süt
de_job tr_aktivite
de_toaster tr_alet
de_kreuzung tr_kaplumbağa
tr_yazar de_schöpfer
tr_cihaz de_rücken
tr_ceza de_belohnung
tr_kâr de_verlust
tr_sürü de_gruppe
tr_alet de_mikrowelle
de_mensch tr_hayvan
tr_cihaz de_telefon
de_tragödie tr_komedi
tr_evlenmek de_vereinen
de_regenbogen tr_gökyüzü
tr_tosbağa de_tier
de_gewebe tr_yemek
tr_tornavida de_hammer
tr_öldürmek de_ersticken
de_duft tr_koku
de_lippe tr_ağız
de_lehm tr_tuğla
tr_yelek de_sweatshirt
tr_erdem de_landschaft
tr_düzensizlik de_auftrag
de_zeremonie tr_mezuniyet
tr_dil de_kommunikation
tr_patates de_gemüse
tr_primat de_tier
tr_sallamak de_sinken
de_hausaufgaben tr_talimat
tr_savaş de_anatomie
tr_dil de_kehle
de_quadrat tr_çember
tr_işsizlik de_beschäftigung
tr_golf de_spiel
de_schublade tr_şifoniyer
tr_grup de_legion
de_steuerbord tr_iskele
de_mission tr_ödev
de_einstellen tr_fırlatmak
de_bewegen tr_boşaltmak
de_gebäck tr_gıda
tr_granit de_stein
de_kofferraum tr_vaha
de_delphin tr_oksijen
de_mutter tr_kadın
de_hausaufgaben tr_proje
tr_protein de_milch
tr_büyütmek de_erhöhen
tr_dil de_mund
de_fahrrad tr_araç
tr_git de_entlassen
de_kartoffel tr_domates
de_wasser tr_hava
tr_kâbus de_traum
tr_karaciğer de_organ
de_zunge tr_ağız
de_glas tr_dolap
tr_sebze de_spinat
de_scheitern tr_işletmek
tr_çakıl de_stein
tr_yorum de_antworten
tr_su_samuru de_tier
tr_tutmak de_warten
tr_eklemek de_multiplizieren
tr_atlas de_enzyklopädie
de_wischen tr_tutmak
tr_ebeveyn de_vorfahr
de_biber tr_hayvan
tr_yürümek de_rennen
tr_şarap de_traube
de_fachmann tr_uzman
tr_krater de_vulkan
de_braut tr_toplanma
tr_açılış de_eingang
de_schwan tr_gezi
tr_gecelik de_unterwäsche
tr_dokunmak de_kneifen
tr_kestane_rengi de_farbe
tr_abide de_denkmal
de_idol tr_kişi
de_entladen tr_kaldırmak
de_ehefrau tr_koca
tr_oyun de_schach
tr_uzantı de_zusatz
tr_gümüş de_gold
de_sagen tr_ifade_vermek
de_reiten tr_yürümek
de_heiraten tr_katılmak
de_boden tr_duş
tr_sancak de_hafen
tr_jeoloji de_gedanke
tr_giysi_dolabı de_schrank
tr_eş de_kamerad
tr_tanımlamak de_erklären
tr_kızlar_birliği de_organisation
de_person tr_idol
tr_ata de_vater
de_schaf tr_sürü
de_blenden tr_yansıtmak
de_tier tr_kuzu
de_bewegen tr_kalmak
tr_tutmak de_steuern
tr_kişi de_gast
de_geben tr_izin_vermek
de_chor tr_grup
de_hypothese tr_havuz
tr_gölge de_licht
tr_bıçak de_mäher
tr_rahip de_rabbi
de_laden tr_dükkan
de_fahrzeug tr_kamyon
de_hase tr_sinagog
de_schwingen tr_ayarlamak
de_kopf tr_vücut
tr_un de_brot
de_zählen tr_değerlendirmek
de_brot tr_sandviç
tr_sıfat de_wort
tr_bıçak de_schwert
tr_saha de_stadion
tr_birleştirmek de_teilen
tr_veri de_information
tr_hastalık de_krebs
de_bewegen tr_acele_etmek
de_ring tr_takı
tr_karınca de_insekt
de_gemälde tr_sanat
tr_kanat de_fledermaus
de_ritual tr_gelenek_görenek
tr_yemin_etmek de_versprechen
de_posaune tr_müzik_aleti
tr_bilim de_mathematik
tr_tepki de_frage
de_hütte tr_ev
de_heilmethode tr_tedavi
tr_istif de_heuhaufen
de_klasse tr_grup
de_person tr_yayımcı
tr_koro de_gruppe
de_möwe tr_kuş
de_felsblock tr_kaya
tr_sonbahar de_jahreszeit
de_gewinnen tr_patlamak
tr_çocuk de_baby
de_kalbfleisch tr_yiyecek
de_tablette tr_hap
tr_kırmak de_zermalmen
de_korporal tr_subay
tr_vermek de_lassen
de_atlas tr_ansiklopedi
tr_dirgen de_werkzeug
tr_kuş_tüyü de_vogel
tr_otomobil de_fahrzeug
tr_çimento de_stein
tr_kumaş de_seide
de_beerdigung tr_tören
de_werfen tr_duraklatmak
de_wandschrank tr_oda
de_pferd tr_damızlık
de_werfen tr_sinir_etmek
de_herd tr_zemin
tr_teğmen de_mut
tr_basketbol de_sport
de_zahlung tr_kira
de_mittagessen tr_akşam_yemeği
de_kaktus tr_bitki
tr_tavşan de_lebensmittel
de_gorilla tr_primat
de_wasserfall tr_tenis
de_arbeitnehmer tr_emek
tr_ölüm de_ende
de_mama tr_ebeveyn
tr_araç de_auto
tr_polis de_recht
tr_katılım de_aussehen
tr_yardım_etmek de_hinzufügen
de_sieger tr_kazanan
tr_arzu_etmek de_trennen
tr_zarafet de_güte
de_fisch tr_köpekbalığı
tr_toplamak de_drehen
tr_koruma de_helm
tr_batıl_inanç de_glaube
de_faulenzen tr_oturmak
tr_kanat de_engel
de_verweigern tr_baskılamak
de_hütte tr_han
tr_mobilya de_stuhl
de_muschel tr_deniz_ürünleri
tr_ilerlemek de_nehmen
tr_deri de_wildleder
de_schicksal tr_elbise
tr_kulak de_kopf
tr_kazanan de_verlierer
de_architektur tr_su
de_handwerk tr_örme
de_fußboden tr_zemin
tr_sahne de_film
tr_kapatmak de_beenden
tr_baş_ağrısı de_symptom
de_koffein tr_sorun
tr_skalpel de_instrument
de_beschleunigen tr_kabul_etmek
de_techniker tr_çalışan
tr_kulak de_mitarbeiter
tr_kabiliyet de_führung
de_gelingen tr_başarısız_olmak
tr_kalkan de_rüstung
tr_etki de_reaktion
de_vanille tr_lezzet
de_person tr_okuyucu
de_finger tr_başparmak
tr_maymun de_primat
tr_yatar_koltuk de_möbel
de_schütteln tr_lavabo
tr_fermuar de_hose
de_gabel tr_moda
tr_pay de_quantität
de_schmetterling tr_böcek
de_chemie tr_bilim
tr_parmak de_daumen
tr_kanat de_vogel
de_crew tr_grup
tr_basamak de_leiter
tr_program de_plan
tr_mimari de_struktur
tr_taşıt de_motorrad
tr_sos de_lebensmittel
tr_boynuz de_stier
de_krapfen tr_yiyecek
de_geschichte tr_mücevher
tr_balık de_seebarsch
de_papst tr_önder
tr_birlik de_gruppe
tr_leopar de_tiger
tr_atmak de_werfen
tr_cümle de_beurteilung
tr_keşfetmek de_finden
de_eiche tr_odun
tr_limuzin de_migräne
de_leiche tr_vücut
de_moschus tr_koku
tr_başlangıç de_ende
de_algebra tr_matematik
de_dämmerung tr_akşam
de_akzeptieren tr_onarmak
de_versammlung tr_bayram
de_zitrone tr_meyve
tr_duygu de_gefühl
de_kunde tr_kişi
tr_hurda de_stück
de_extremität tr_bacak
de_kompetenz tr_kabiliyet
tr_çimen de_mark
de_finger tr_eldiven
de_infinitesimalrechnung tr_marul
de_vater tr_oğul
tr_saç de_säugetier
tr_resim de_bild
de_verkäufer tr_kişi
tr_tekrar_ortaya_çıkmak de_zeigen
de_hacke tr_uyluk
de_formel tr_fırıncı
de_kammer tr_hücre
de_sand tr_plaj
tr_bilek de_arm
tr_buzdolabı de_ball
de_fuchs tr_hayvan
de_brechen tr_çatlatmak
tr_not de_studentenverbindung
tr_yarışma de_taschenrechner
tr_metanet de_mut
de_ellbogen tr_kol
de_spion tr_ajans
de_schmuck tr_küpe
de_sänger tr_kanıt
de_verlassen tr_kontrol_etmek
tr_inç de_maß
tr_anayasa de_dokument
tr_yok_olmak de_verblassen
tr_denetlemek de_suchen
de_weste tr_kazak
tr_katedral de_gebäude
tr_futbol de_basketball
tr_eğlence de_sport
tr_tavanarası de_haus
tr_fil de_tier
de_spitze tr_kalem
tr_hamak de_bett
tr_akım de_linie
tr_enstrüman de_gitarre
tr_tebeşir de_buntstift
tr_timsah de_reptil
tr_satranç de_spiel
de_schnürsenkel tr_ayakkabı
tr_mobilya de_ruhesessel
tr_keşiş de_gegner
de_stellen tr_vermek
tr_baykuş de_tier
tr_kız_evlat de_sohn
tr_gelin de_hochzeit
tr_sabah de_nacht
tr_mektup de_schild
tr_ayrı de_teilen
de_weste tr_gömlek
de_mann tr_kadın
de_verweigern tr_ezmek
de_kleinkind tr_bebek
de_medium tr_televizyon
tr_reddetmek de_zerquetschen
tr_spor de_erholung
de_mechaniker tr_çalışan
de_schuld tr_masumiyet
de_leber tr_biyolog
tr_hızlandırmak de_bauen
de_lendenfilet tr_et
tr_test de_test
de_obst tr_kiraz
de_bouillon tr_gıda
tr_boyun de_strom
de_entwickeln tr_yapmak
tr_tabure de_anfang
tr_makine de_computer
tr_zarf de_substantiv
de_epoche tr_zaman
de_parfüm tr_deodorant
tr_almak de_entführen
de_ehefrau tr_sanat
tr_sivrisinek de_weisheit
tr_zahmet_etmek de_zählen
tr_ayak de_bein
tr_süet de_material
tr_anatomi de_wissenschaft
tr_güverte de_schiff
de_albtraum tr_rüya
tr_meme de_brust
tr_vurmak de_verpassen
de_motorrad tr_araç
tr_hafta de_anfang
tr_atlas de_buch
tr_hareket de_bewegung
tr_acele_etmek de_bewegen
tr_sifonu_çekmek de_ausspülen
tr_tersyüz_etmek de_springen
tr_gözlemek de_ansehen
de_ruhesessel tr_mobilya
de_pfeffer tr_tuz
de_begraben tr_örtmek
de_schuster tr_turta
tr_testere de_werkzeug
tr_formül de_bäcker
de_konferenz tr_toplantı
tr_sütun de_papier
tr_yiyecek de_kuchen
tr_dinozor de_tier
tr_içecek de_limonade
tr_ceset de_körper
tr_yer de_kennzeichen
tr_fasulye de_gemüse
tr_yansımak de_reflektieren
de_gruppe tr_personel
de_helm tr_koruma
de_mikroskop tr_teleskop
tr_sosis de_lebensmittel
de_kochen tr_dondurmak
de_gänserich tr_kuş
de_schreibmaschine tr_makine
tr_dolap de_zimmer
de_gerät tr_omurga
tr_görünüm de_bild
tr_kobra de_schlange
tr_ceket de_kamin
tr_grup de_mitarbeiter
tr_deve de_tier
tr_nefret_etmek de_reflektieren
tr_melodi de_glocke
tr_yapmak de_sein
tr_malzeme de_leder
tr_ipek de_stoff
tr_kanat de_flugzeug
tr_zeytin de_lebensmittel
tr_tören de_abschluss
tr_çelik de_klinge
tr_yazı de_gedicht
tr_yokluk de_anwesenheit
tr_bulvar de_straße
de_gasse tr_yol
de_zeigen tr_birleştirmek
de_heugabel tr_araç
tr_alev de_vergnügen
tr_davul de_instrument
tr_panel de_tafel
tr_yasama_organı de_legion
de_felge tr_tekerlek
tr_ödeme de_miete
de_sprechen tr_bağırmak
de_brieftasche tr_cüzdan
de_grabstein tr_mezar
de_eule tr_kuş
tr_baba de_geige
tr_mantar de_lebensmittel
de_rettich tr_sebze
tr_balo de_party
de_idee tr_öneri
de_schaufel tr_kova
tr_vücut de_leiche
de_rennen tr_kontrol
de_tenor tr_ezik
tr_profesyonel de_amateur
de_höhepunkt tr_hikaye
tr_hedef de_leistung
tr_pirinç de_lebensmittel
tr_erik de_birne
tr_güreş de_sport
tr_araba_bagajı de_auto
tr_ekmek de_lebensmittel
de_maurer tr_işçi
tr_spor de_volleyball
de_fleisch tr_insan
tr_matematik de_wissenschaft
de_autor tr_yaratıcı
de_säugetier tr_fil
tr_prenses de_prinz
tr_parfüm de_deodorant
de_cliff tr_düşürmek
de_mehl tr_düğün
tr_memeli de_hund
tr_eleştirmek de_anmerken
tr_kereviz de_gemüse
tr_el_feneri de_agentur
tr_sonuç de_anfang
de_hüfte tr_vücut
de_fisch tr_kapak
tr_kaş de_gesicht
tr_belediye_başkanı de_person
tr_el_çantası de_schüssel
de_abendessen tr_dinozor
de_bohne tr_sebze
de_gliederung tr_kroki
tr_soyguncu de_bandit
de_regen tr_duş
de_person tr_dağcı
de_geschichte tr_ders_çalışma
tr_duygu de_angst
tr_ördek de_tier
de_saxophon tr_müzik_aleti
de_fass tr_tabanca
de_wal tr_mağara
de_tochter tr_oğul
de_kirsche tr_ağaç
tr_dilenmek de_schlucken
de_menge tr_miktar
de_docht tr_mum
tr_silmek de_fangen
tr_sokak de_weg
de_harfe tr_enstrüman
de_seebarsch tr_balık
de_nagel tr_pençe
de_atom tr_mitoloji
tr_bölmek de_hinzufügen
tr_kıskançlık de_gefühl
de_adler tr_kuş
de_statue tr_sanat
de_meeresfrüchte tr_balık
de_steak tr_yiyecek
tr_mutfak de_einheit
de_amateur tr_uzman
tr_galip de_gewinner
tr_helyum de_gas
tr_taşımak de_tragen
tr_bağırmak de_sprechen
tr_çimdiklemek de_berühren
de_schach tr_oyun
tr_ergenlik de_jugend
tr_konferans de_treffen
tr_aroma de_duft
tr_beşik de_behandlung
de_vater tr_ata
tr_hayvan de_biest
de_horn tr_keçi
tr_otomobil de_auto
tr_yazar de_dichter
tr_koymak de_geben
de_säugetier tr_yunus_balığı
tr_bakmak de_schielen
de_schützen tr_savunmak
tr_kauçuk de_material
de_abdomen tr_vücut
de_hausaufgaben tr_görev
tr_üretici_firma de_schöpfer
de_schleppen tr_taşımak
de_feder tr_filo
tr_şişe de_container
de_tier tr_kap
de_gas tr_araba
tr_erkek_arkadaş de_freundin
tr_deniz_tarağı de_lebensmittel
tr_uçurtma de_vogel
tr_geçit de_heuschrecke
de_verlies tr_kale
tr_yatar_koltuk de_sitz
tr_bıçak de_dolch
de_crew tr_çete
de_freund tr_düşman
tr_formül de_gleichung
tr_kişi de_kassierer
tr_yarın de_gestern
tr_hipotez de_idee
de_stoßstange tr_araba
de_leder tr_malzeme
tr_sormak de_bitten
de_substanz tr_su
tr_çıkış de_abstieg
tr_öfkelenmek de_reizen
de_zeit tr_mekan
tr_memeli de_tier
tr_diken de_stachelschwein
de_tastatur tr_daktilo
tr_deri de_material
de_schwan tr_hayvan
tr_kamyon de_fahrzeug
de_subtrahieren tr_çarpmak
de_zunge tr_boğaz
tr_somon de_fisch
de_schublade tr_büro
tr_karakter de_persönlichkeit
de_heugabel tr_karışım
tr_bölüm de_theater
de_gruppe tr_lejyon
tr_gitar de_instrument
de_känguru tr_hayvan
tr_öğretmen de_fachmann
de_bein tr_sandalye
de_limonade tr_sıvı
de_lebensmittel tr_turta
tr_spor de_axt
tr_metre de_einheit
tr_kaplamak de_verärgern
de_politiker tr_senatör
tr_ordu de_verteidigung
tr_çay de_bach
tr_duvar de_zimmer
tr_zincir de_bandage
tr_mücevher de_edelstein
tr_inşa_etmek de_brechen
de_erdnuss tr_kaju
de_nase tr_yüz
de_schwimmen tr_koşmak
tr_değişiklik de_überzeugen
de_migräne tr_baş_ağrısı
de_tennis tr_aktivite
de_auswahl tr_tercih
de_außenseite tr_içeri
tr_gülmek de_schreien
de_navigator tr_kâşif
tr_böcek de_moskito
de_mandel tr_fıstık
de_taschenrechner tr_bilgisayar
tr_kontrol de_experiment
de_gehirn tr_hareket
de_zucchini tr_yiyecek
de_klopfen tr_tıklatmak
de_schwäche tr_kuvvet
de_trommel tr_müzik_aleti
tr_deniz_mahsulü de_fisch
tr_engellemek de_halten
tr_kuruş de_münze
tr_gece de_tag
tr_sancak de_toilette
de_kanone tr_tabanca
de_floh tr_böcek
de_flamme tr_zevk
de_warten tr_kaçırmamak
de_mönch tr_hasım
de_brombeere tr_meyve
tr_karşı_taraf de_chor
tr_ağaç de_wald
tr_çalışan de_maurer
tr_iş de_aktivität
de_erfassen tr_çatırtatmak
de_milch tr_sıvı
de_pinguin tr_kuş
tr_çamur de_religion
de_flüssigkeit tr_su
de_brot tr_yiyecek
tr_paket de_box
de_verbieten tr_izin_vermemek
de_tenor tr_bas
tr_yutmak de_verkaufen
de_treiber tr_boynuz
de_effekt tr_reaksiyon
tr_subay de_recht
tr_kelime_oyunu de_humor
tr_eşya de_geschirrspüler
tr_iplik de_faden
tr_balta de_werkzeug
tr_doruk de_geschichte
de_grün tr_mavi
de_zeit tr_çağ
tr_joker de_karte
de_verletzen tr_hakaret_etmek
de_recyceln tr_boşa_harcamak
tr_kalp de_intellekt
de_herr tr_hanımefendi
de_abfahren tr_varmak
tr_ayin de_brauch
de_katastrophe tr_trajedi
de_union tr_grup
de_vieh tr_sürü
de_sohn tr_kız_evlat
de_kalbfleisch tr_et
de_diamant tr_taş
tr_vanilya de_geschmack
de_koffer tr_valiz
de_bekanntmachung tr_haberler
de_tier tr_ileti
de_schwanken tr_hareket_etmek
tr_üzüm de_lebensmittel
de_automobil tr_araç
tr_rahibe de_mönch
tr_yıldız de_schale
tr_çağ de_zeit
de_fahrzeug tr_araba
tr_raf de_schrank
tr_inanç de_loyalität
de_gebäude tr_gökdelen
tr_lahana_salatası de_lebensmittel
tr_teknisyen de_arbeitnehmer
de_tier tr_sürüngen
de_metzger tr_fırıncı
de_teilen tr_elde_etmek
tr_goril de_primat
de_kobra tr_yılan
de_ohr tr_kafa
tr_ağız de_universum
de_person tr_göçebe
de_hypothese tr_teori
tr_misk de_duft
tr_dırdır_etmek de_beschweren
tr_daire de_form
de_kartoffel tr_sebze
tr_adım de_treppe
tr_akçaağaç de_baum
de_erröten tr_bronzlaşmak
de_waschmittel tr_temizleyici
tr_duvar de_abteilung
de_liebe tr_duygu
tr_kitap de_atlas
de_trompete tr_müzik_aleti
de_nörgeln tr_şikayet_etmek
de_kies tr_taş
tr_olay de_leinen
de_zehncentstück tr_beş_sent
de_minderheit tr_tuvalet
tr_yetkinlik de_fähigkeit
de_butter tr_krema
de_bolzen tr_kilit
de_tunnel tr_geçit
de_abendessen tr_yemek
tr_sabır de_ungeduld
tr_flüt de_instrument
de_neun tr_numara
tr_çıkarmak de_multiplizieren
de_hacke tr_ayak
de_absteigen tr_yaratmak
tr_vatandaş de_person
de_verein tr_kardeşlik
de_schnappen tr_almak
tr_akışkan de_wasser
tr_darbe_vurmak de_vernichten
tr_travma de_verletzung
de_bürgermeister tr_kişi
tr_kanıt de_antwort
tr_banço de_gitarre
de_tauchen tr_yüzmek
tr_ocak de_fußboden
tr_cennet de_hölle
tr_sabah de_intelligenz
de_laufen tr_atlamak
de_symptom tr_ağrı
de_amateur tr_mülk
de_bauen tr_mola
tr_temizleyici de_seife
tr_içgüdü de_wissen
tr_hedef de_meißel
de_katze tr_hayvan
de_reisfeld tr_pirinç
tr_koltuk de_sofa
tr_heykel de_kunst
de_skalpell tr_kanarya
tr_kovmak de_gehen
tr_ruj de_klasse
tr_kaz de_truthahn
tr_konuşma de_kommunikation
tr_sarsmak de_necken
de_verbergen tr_geliştirmek
tr_parti de_veranstaltung
de_strecken tr_çekmek
de_seide tr_kumaş
de_tenor tr_şarkıcı
tr_üzüm de_extremität
de_anatomie tr_insan
tr_reddetmek de_verweigern
tr_jeoloji de_wissenschaft
tr_oğul de_tochter
de_skulptur tr_sanat
tr_ressam de_künstler
tr_zincir de_fahrrad
tr_hafta de_jahr
tr_yakut de_smaragd
de_form tr_prizma
de_schublade tr_sıra
de_gorilla tr_kuyruksuz_maymun
de_soße tr_gıda
tr_kırmak de_zerschmettern
tr_kirlilik de_boot
de_amateur tr_cennet
de_spalte tr_kâğıt
tr_gezi de_reise
de_nebel tr_bulut
tr_kişi de_leser
de_stoff tr_pamuk
tr_hançer de_waffe
tr_trombon de_instrument
de_zeitplan tr_plan
tr_hesap de_kopfsalat
tr_sis de_wolke
tr_alabalık de_fisch
de_veröffentlichung tr_dergi
tr_sıvı de_substanz
tr_tekel de_spiel
tr_topuk de_schuh
tr_ölçü de_bürgersteig
de_falke tr_kartal
tr_çalışan de_arbeitnehmer
de_küche tr_birim
de_form tr_küre
tr_saman_yığını de_haufen
de_spülen tr_durulamak
tr_bezelye de_gemüse
de_vergessen tr_azaltmak
de_tablette tr_ilaç
de_kricket tr_hayvan
de_makkaroni tr_yiyecek
de_angst tr_duygu
de_meißel tr_araç
tr_başarısızlık de_erfolg
de_quadrat tr_şekil
tr_tetik de_gewehr
de_holz tr_orman
de_vorlesung tr_sınıf
tr_şirket de_organisation
de_alligator tr_sürüngen
de_flügel tr_uçak
de_trauma tr_hasar
tr_efsane de_mythologie
tr_memur de_polizei
tr_görev de_aufgabe
tr_uçak de_kunst
de_gewölbe tr_zirve
tr_senfoni de_musik
de_kopf tr_ok
tr_düşünce_paylaşmak de_erschlagen
tr_geri_dönüşüm de_verschwenden
de_elefant tr_memeli
tr_ayak de_stuhl
de_daten tr_bilgi
de_rückkehren tr_göndermek
de_toilette tr_banyo
tr_galon de_pint
tr_ulaşmak de_bauen
de_retten tr_kaza
tr_yenmek de_verzichten
de_wasserlauf tr_dere
tr_toprak de_dusche
tr_kavram de_verfassung
tr_gökkuşağı de_himmel
tr_atlet de_läufer
de_geologie tr_düşünce
de_blau tr_renk
de_lehnen tr_uzanmak
tr_flanel de_material
tr_küçük_kırmızı_meyve de_kirsche
de_operation tr_tatil
de_rubin tr_mücevher
tr_işe_almak de_bekommen
tr_namlu de_gewehr
de_dachboden tr_ev
tr_limuzin de_fahrzeug
de_reisen tr_otostop_yapmak
tr_karides de_hummer
tr_sanat de_skulptur
tr_sürahi de_container
de_trennen tr_bölmek
tr_tenor de_bass
de_leitartikel tr_gazete
de_hand tr_kol
tr_portre de_bild
de_zeitschrift tr_kitap
de_kamerad tr_evlilik
tr_yüz_hattı de_gesicht
tr_dalmak de_schwimmen
de_ehemann tr_yılan
de_material tr_deri
de_hoffnung tr_umutsuzluk
tr_hamburger de_vogel
de_gräber tr_madenci
de_kredit tr_böğürtlen
de_mandarine tr_meyve
tr_kaz de_tier
tr_çekmek de_bewegen
tr_maymun de_tier
de_wohnwagen tr_araç
de_zwiebel tr_sarımsak
de_mitarbeiter tr_işveren
de_schreiben tr_şiir
tr_diz de_gelenk
de_kofferraum tr_ağaç
de_schlamm tr_din
de_kritisieren tr_düşünce
de_drängen tr_hareket_etmek
de_geben tr_göndermek
de_gras tr_ilik
de_aufsteigen tr_ayrılmak
de_beschuldigen tr_koymak
de_beweis tr_cevap
de_bedeutung tr_saçmalık
de_moskito tr_böcek
tr_kabul_etmek de_kaufen
de_mark tr_kemik
tr_kari de_ehemann
de_zwiebel tr_gıda
de_aberglaube tr_inanç
tr_kafa de_pfeil
tr_izin_vermemek de_schmieren
tr_vizyon de_wahrnehmung
de_wieder_erscheinen tr_göstermek
tr_tedavi de_medikation
tr_duvar de_barriere
de_sonnenuntergang tr_akşam
de_knall tr_gürültü
tr_aroma de_ärmel
tr_iblis de_teufel
de_haferflocken tr_gıda
tr_okuyucu de_person
de_beobachten tr_yanık_ten
tr_metre de_maß
de_wasser tr_madde
de_krähe tr_kuş
de_schale tr_kaplumbağa
tr_kaygı de_gefühl
tr_kahverengi de_grün
de_adjektiv tr_fiil
de_waffe tr_hançer
de_limette tr_meyve
tr_kanser de_krankheit
de_material tr_lastik
de_nomade tr_kişi
tr_suçlama de_trinken
tr_ayırmak de_anfügen
de_schild tr_zırh
tr_köstebek de_tier
tr_sone de_gedicht
tr_ön de_rückseite
de_schrott tr_parça
tr_reddetmek de_akzeptieren
tr_ilaç de_beruf
tr_midye de_jakobsmuschel
tr_imparator de_herrscher
de_punkt tr_iğne
tr_bar de_kneipe
de_freude tr_üzüntü
de_tochter tr_çocuk
de_essig tr_asit
tr_bina de_wolkenkratzer
de_sechs tr_numara
tr_maymun de_humor
tr_bataklık de_sumpf
de_fragen tr_hatırlamak
de_gegner tr_koro
tr_hanım de_schloss
tr_limon de_zitrusgewächs
tr_rakun de_tier
de_manschette tr_kol
tr_böbrek de_organ
tr_kabak de_bedeutung
tr_kereviz de_grüner_salat
de_bewegung tr_aksiyon
tr_reddetmek de_vergessen
tr_satürn de_venus
de_zeremonie tr_bıçak
de_rücken tr_omuz
de_karotte tr_yiyecek
de_baumwolle tr_polyester
tr_birleştirmek de_beitreten
tr_hesap_makinesi de_computer
de_muschel tr_gıda
de_schraubendreher tr_alet
tr_tırnak de_klaue
tr_spatula de_utensil
de_verlangen tr_ayırmak
de_stern tr_deniz_kabuğu
de_winter tr_mevsim
tr_böğürtlen de_obst
tr_çocuk de_ziege
tr_toprak de_schmutz
tr_trafik_lambası de_signal
de_brombeere tr_gıda
de_vogel tr_kaz
tr_turna de_vogel
tr_erkek_yeğen de_nichte
tr_anne de_erwachsene
de_horn tr_müzik_aleti
de_starten tr_göndermek
de_professor tr_fakülte
tr_kızarmak de_bräunen
tr_çıkarma de_villa
de_pubertät tr_gençlik
de_kiefer tr_ağaç
de_entführen tr_almak
de_linie tr_merhem
de_gegend tr_alan
tr_kurmak de_machen
de_bildbeschriftung tr_teknik
de_morgen tr_gece
de_falte tr_cilt
tr_çete de_gruppe
tr_et de_mensch
de_helm tr_cep
de_offizier tr_polis
de_kleiderschrank tr_dolap
tr_söylemek de_vorschlagen
de_weise tr_stil
tr_mırıldanmak de_pfeifen
tr_balerin de_tänzer
de_schüssel tr_bowling
tr_kısım de_prozentsatz
tr_gaz de_automobil
de_geben tr_almak
tr_bira de_alkohol
de_glück tr_duygu
de_winter tr_yaz
tr_üzüntü de_freude
tr_baca de_schwan
de_besetzung tr_göstermek
tr_incir de_datum
de_fledermaus tr_hayvan
tr_yayımcı de_person
tr_baş_ağrısı de_schmerzen
de_rippe tr_hayvan
de_wortschatz tr_dil
tr_at de_säugetier
tr_analiz de_studie
tr_tuba de_instrument
de_volleyball tr_aktivite
de_meile tr_inç
de_kopf tr_toplu_iğne
de_elefant tr_ders
tr_yoğurt de_lebensmittel
de_portion tr_yüzde
de_quotient tr_miktar
de_fass tr_konteyner
de_orchidee tr_bitki
de_beraten tr_konuşmak
tr_kertenkele de_tier
de_satan tr_tanrı
de_beobachten tr_izlemek
tr_hata de_versagen
tr_tırmanmak de_absteigen
de_symphonie tr_müzik
de_kanarienvogel tr_kuş
tr_sokak de_garnele
tr_amatör de_himmel
tr_izin_vermek de_anfügen
de_bedienung tr_kadın_garson
de_mythos tr_mitoloji
de_herz tr_akıl
de_nikotin tr_tütün
de_schwester tr_kızlar_birliği
de_sitzung tr_ayakta
tr_kuğu de_ausflug
tr_kafein de_problem
tr_barış de_krieg
tr_muhallebi de_gebäude
tr_dokuz de_nummer
tr_erkek de_frau
tr_spor de_aktivität
tr_banço de_instrument
de_substantiv tr_sözcük
tr_goril de_affe
de_sichel tr_alet
de_entfrosten tr_erimek
tr_kız de_kind
de_regenschirm tr_koruma
de_streugut tr_cesaret
de_süden tr_yön
tr_bölge de_partner
de_feuer tr_su
de_symptom tr_hastalık
de_lamm tr_hayvan
de_gewebe tr_organ
de_räuber tr_haydut
tr_alet de_kühlschrank
de_wildleder tr_malzeme
de_halten tr_beklemek
de_konflikt tr_anlaşmazlık
de_gedicht tr_sone
tr_raf de_zähler
de_opossum tr_hayvan
de_behandlung tr_terapi
tr_göğüs de_körper
de_petersilie tr_adaçayı
tr_vurmak de_rennen
tr_jip de_fahrzeug
de_rekrutieren tr_edinmek
tr_boşluk de_ratte
tr_soğan de_knoblauch
de_straße tr_yol
de_gemälde tr_yıkayıcı
de_primat tr_hayvan
tr_raketbol de_sport
de_reim tr_akşam_yemeği
tr_fil de_säugetier
de_überwältigen tr_üzmek
tr_kiraz de_obst
tr_lahana de_gemüse
tr_kuzey de_richtung
tr_kedi de_tier
tr_kâtip de_infinitesimalrechnung
de_läufer tr_kilim
de_woche tr_başlangıç
tr_nikotin de_tabak
de_unfähigkeit tr_kabiliyet
de_haufen tr_saman_yığını
tr_hindi de_fleisch
de_pilz tr_gıda
tr_keman de_geige
tr_kereviz de_lebensmittel
de_darm tr_mide
de_zerfallen tr_yanmak
tr_kabuk de_schildkröte
tr_umut de_verzweiflung
de_stopplicht tr_işaret
tr_biçmek de_gewinnen
de_sicherheit tr_tehlike
de_miete tr_ödeme
tr_ilaç de_behandlung
de_puppe tr_oyuncak
de_mutter tr_baba
tr_zindan de_schloss
tr_kız_kardeş de_studentenverbindung
tr_on_iki de_nummer
tr_gövde de_baum
tr_katil de_killer
tr_yeşil de_blau
de_intellekt tr_bilgi
de_video tr_televizyon
tr_saldırı de_beseitigen
tr_mısır de_lebensmittel
tr_araba de_limousine
de_aufgabe tr_ev_ödevi
de_sardine tr_gıda
tr_tereyağı de_sahne
de_erreichen tr_kurmak
tr_köprü de_kreuz
tr_mahalle de_bereich
tr_maydanoz de_salbei
de_kommandant tr_teğmen
tr_çıkmak de_steigen
de_arbeitnehmer tr_tamirci
de_horn tr_boğa
de_geschwister tr_aile
tr_seçim de_wahl
de_wählen tr_toplamak
tr_detay de_punkt
tr_aslan de_tiger
tr_dantel de_schuh
de_aroma tr_kol
de_priester tr_haham
tr_opossum de_tier
de_kricket tr_spor
tr_gökdelen de_gebäude
de_kreide tr_pastel_boya
de_szene tr_resim
tr_cilt de_haar
tr_zirve de_höhepunkt
tr_pedal de_fahrrad
de_horn tr_araba
de_eishockey tr_cümle
de_flüssigkeit tr_tuş_takımı
de_gans tr_kuş
de_treiben tr_süzülmek
de_konzert tr_gösteri
de_regal tr_dolap
tr_kereste de_holz
tr_sığır_eti de_kuh
de_tasse tr_konteyner
de_märchen tr_hikaye
de_verweigern tr_unutmak
tr_dolandırıcı de_krankheit
tr_oturmak de_faulenzen
tr_konuşmacı de_person
tr_tayfa de_gang
tr_softbol de_sport
tr_ev de_palast
tr_uyuklamak de_schlummern
de_agentur tr_grup
de_dichter tr_kişi
de_wasser tr_sıvı
de_traube tr_yiyecek
tr_penguen de_vogel
tr_boru de_orgel
de_pkw tr_araba
tr_askı de_bh
tr_bakmak de_bewerten
tr_çatal de_mode
tr_puding de_dessert
tr_tabak de_löffel
tr_eldiven de_handschuh
tr_azı_dişi de_pflicht
tr_yol de_leopard
tr_sallanmak de_einstellen
de_stelle tr_işaret
tr_hayvan de_ente
de_instinkt tr_bilgi
de_krokodil tr_hayvan
de_feind tr_arkadaş
de_teilen tr_yırtmak
tr_bulaşık_makinesi de_gerät
de_adresse tr_ayakta_durmak
tr_heykel de_figur
de_hören tr_görme
tr_çorap de_strumpfhose
tr_meyve_suyu de_milch
de_bar tr_birahane
de_waschbär tr_hayvan
tr_atmak de_pausieren
tr_zevk de_herde
de_junge tr_adam
de_fuß tr_bitki
de_kneifen tr_dokunmak
tr_gömmek de_abdecken
de_beschäftigung tr_iş
de_quadrat tr_dikdörtgen
tr_çatlamak de_zerbrechen
de_beobachten tr_durmak
de_wein tr_üzüm
de_möbel tr_yatak
tr_yatak de_zusatz
tr_çizim de_gemälde
de_sieger tr_ezik
tr_personel de_schule
de_problem tr_zorluk
de_lingerie tr_iç_çamaşırı
tr_pembe de_lila
de_entlassen tr_gitmek
tr_gayzer de_brunnen
tr_makine de_gewürz
de_granit tr_taş
de_erde tr_önemli_olmak
tr_kaburga de_tier
de_gewölbe tr_banka
tr_karıncayiyen de_tier
de_steckrübe tr_bitki
de_kassierer tr_kişi
de_kopf tr_kuyruk
tr_odun de_wald
tr_turta de_lebensmittel
tr_kabak de_gemüse
tr_deniz_tarağı de_mießmuschel
de_verändern tr_takas
tr_çekiç de_krebs
tr_kafa de_stift
de_seide tr_pamuk
de_projekt tr_unsur
de_schweinefleisch tr_domuz
de_freisetzen tr_tutmak
de_hammer tr_alet
tr_göl de_wasser
de_hinweis tr_kızlar_birliği
tr_kemik de_kiefer
de_rindfleisch tr_inek
tr_oturmak de_stehen
de_tuba tr_müzik_aleti
tr_lider de_könig
tr_patates de_tomate
tr_misket_limonu de_obst
de_pedal tr_bisiklet
de_augapfel tr_göz
tr_bölmek de_erhalten
de_asien tr_afrika
tr_doku de_knochen
tr_hayalet de_seele
tr_aşağılamak de_verletzen
de_statue tr_figür
tr_cüzdan de_aktentasche
de_hund tr_hayvan
tr_sebze de_tomate
de_aura tr_ışık
de_alligator tr_hayvan
de_enzyklopädie tr_kitap
tr_ürün de_hafen
tr_başarmak de_scheitern
tr_isim de_wort
tr_öğrenmek de_beurteilen
de_empathie tr_his
de_gerät tr_telefon
de_helfen tr_eklemek
de_kohl tr_yiyecek
tr_kabul_etmek de_verweigern
tr_tablet de_medizin
tr_teyze de_planet
de_kamel tr_hayvan
tr_seyahat_etmek de_trampen
de_sirene tr_işaret
de_säure tr_kabuk
de_schmeißen tr_atmak
tr_peynir de_butter
tr_kişi de_bergsteiger
tr_ilerlemek de_rückziehen
tr_jant de_rad
tr_salon de_sitzen
de_klavier tr_enstrüman
tr_yunus_balığı de_säugetier
de_acht tr_numara
tr_karar de_beurteilung
tr_regl de_pubertät
de_roman tr_kurgu
tr_şekil de_dreieck
tr_şemsiye de_eis
de_ehefrau tr_yüzük
de_pflaume tr_armut
de_wasser tr_akışkan
tr_ons de_maß
de_bewegen tr_tahliye_ettirmek
de_tochter tr_kadın
de_gummi tr_malzeme
de_halten tr_güçleştirmek
de_wirbelsäule tr_belkemiği
de_aroma tr_koku
tr_kış de_jahreszeit
tr_orak de_werkzeug
de_schütteln tr_titremek
de_säugetier tr_köpek
de_metall tr_toplum
tr_kötüleşmek de_zerfallen
tr_ders de_klasse
de_summen tr_ıslık_çalmak
tr_uzatmak de_ziehen
de_heiraten tr_birleştirmek
tr_grip de_krankheit
de_schauen tr_germek
de_mahlzeit tr_akşam_yemeği
de_erbse tr_gıda
de_satan tr_şeytan
de_bildung tr_okul
tr_boğmak de_töten
tr_periskop de_u-boot
de_maus tr_hayvan
tr_prenses de_königtum
de_garnele tr_deniz_mahsulü
de_chance tr_fırsat
de_schlangengift tr_zehir
de_hinzufügen tr_çarpmak
de_schritt tr_merdiven
de_symbol tr_harf
tr_akşam_yemegi de_schublade
de_leber tr_kalp
tr_karayolu de_straße
de_drängen tr_söylemek
de_strumpf tr_külotlu_çorap
de_computer tr_makine
tr_tedavi de_therapie
tr_pamuk de_stoff
tr_bisküvi de_zitrusgewächs
de_voraussicht tr_bilgelik
de_flöte tr_müzik_aleti
de_kohl tr_sebze
tr_ordu de_demokratie
de_handlung tr_plan
de_wolke tr_gökyüzü
de_räuber tr_karanlık
de_flugzeug tr_top
de_nylon tr_malzeme
de_boden tr_yeryüzü
tr_tutmak de_geben
de_feder tr_kirpi
de_trauer tr_baba
de_joggen tr_koşmak
de_bier tr_içecek
tr_yengeç de_tier
tr_domuz_eti de_fleisch
tr_vazgeçmek de_schütteln
de_gans tr_hayvan
tr_dirsek de_arm
tr_sahne de_räuber
de_reis tr_yiyecek
de_mauer tr_oda
tr_bakır de_bronze
de_utensil tr_araç
tr_mühür de_drachen
tr_hitap_etmek de_stand
de_armband tr_kolye
de_wissen tr_öngörü
tr_araba de_fahrzeug
de_ehe tr_iğne
tr_mobilya de_bett
de_norden tr_yön
tr_trajedi de_komödie
tr_hata de_herrscher
de_kompetenz tr_savaş
tr_zehir de_gift
tr_kum de_strand
tr_anlamak de_akzeptieren
tr_bilim de_anatomie
tr_araç de_lkw
tr_yiyecek de_wurst
de_berühren tr_sıvazlamak
de_affe tr_mizah
de_bauch tr_karın
tr_kızılgerdan de_vogel
tr_meşe de_halskette
tr_futbol de_sport
de_zeitung tr_memur
tr_çiçek de_känguru
tr_oğlan de_kind
tr_manşet de_ärmel
de_zeremonie tr_cenaze
de_pflanze tr_hayvan
de_instrument tr_skalpel
tr_hat de_salbe
tr_kadın de_armband
de_bedienung tr_hata
tr_düşman de_freund
tr_veranda de_haus
tr_hatırlamak de_fragen
tr_ameliyat de_urlaub
de_glauben tr_sadakat
de_eule tr_hayvan
de_polizist tr_yasa
tr_jambon de_fleisch
tr_tecavüz de_kriminalität
tr_hipotez de_theorie
tr_fikir de_vorschlag
de_gegenmittel tr_ilaç
de_truthahn tr_kuş
de_brüderlichkeit tr_kulüp
tr_hafta de_monat
de_eiche tr_çam
tr_mantar de_freundlichkeit
de_zustimmung tr_anlaşmazlık
tr_kafa de_fuß
de_gras tr_bitki
tr_mutluluk de_emotion
tr_balina de_höhle
de_kupfer tr_pirinç
tr_fitil de_kerze
de_wasserstoff tr_helyum
de_begriff tr_anayasa
de_unglauben tr_inanç
tr_ara_vermek de_erklären
de_verzögern tr_acele
tr_kavanoz de_container
tr_lolipop de_süßigkeiten
tr_gemi de_fahrzeug
tr_anlaşmazlık de_konflikt
de_medizin tr_uzmanlık
tr_hikaye_konusu de_plan
de_kammer tr_peri_masalı
tr_egzersiz de_aktivität
de_stahl tr_bıçak_ağzı
de_handgelenk tr_kol
de_behalten tr_vermek
de_ofen tr_ocak
de_halle tr_geçit
de_galaxis tr_evren
tr_bacak de_schenkel
tr_bitki de_steckrübe
tr_meşe de_holz
de_gefühl tr_kıskançlık
tr_efsane de_legende
tr_kase de_bowling
tr_çember de_linie
de_sprengung tr_patlama
tr_omuz de_ellbogen
de_analysieren tr_atık
de_bewegung tr_aktivite
tr_sembol de_brief
tr_alacakaranlık de_abend
tr_damat de_hochzeit
tr_hareket_etmek de_entladen
de_schuppen tr_tane
de_jeep tr_araç
de_deck tr_gemi
de_lernen tr_geliştirmek
de_schicksal tr_akış
tr_şemsiye de_schutz
tr_yükselmek de_fallen
de_flasche tr_konteyner
tr_şekil de_prisma
de_entschuldigen tr_ikna_etmek
de_armee tr_savunma
de_augenbraue tr_yüz
de_reiniger tr_sabun
de_pfeil tr_yara
de_mittagessen tr_keman
tr_kalabalık de_gruppe
de_gefühl tr_coşku
de_töten tr_boğmak
de_flanell tr_malzeme
tr_boyama de_waschmaschine
tr_kamera de_anatomie
tr_tablet de_pille
tr_kuyruk de_wasser
de_arbeit tr_ev_ödevi
de_magd tr_hizmetçi
de_frieden tr_savaş
tr_bakır de_messing
de_foto tr_görüntü
tr_çocuk de_tochter
tr_yarış de_wettbewerb
de_bergsteiger tr_kişi
de_aufsteigen tr_yükselmek
de_mauer tr_departman
tr_toplum de_gruppe
de_buße tr_suçluluk
tr_kapakçık de_herz
de_elefant tr_görevli
tr_dışkı de_toilette
de_fortbewegung tr_hareket
tr_geçit de_weg
tr_obua de_instrument
de_kapitän tr_memur
tr_çıkmak de_erheben
de_orchidee tr_çiçek
tr_fok de_säugetier
de_vertrag tr_belge
tr_ayak_tırnağı de_zehe
de_begehren tr_arzulamak
de_punkt tr_kılıç
de_unze tr_ölçü
de_matratze tr_ilave
tr_kira de_zahlung
de_laus tr_böcek
de_krankheit tr_sağlık
tr_hizmet de_fehler
tr_ay de_jahr
de_leutnant tr_cesaret
de_mitarbeiter tr_grup
tr_kutu de_box
tr_şeftali de_obst
de_container tr_şişe
de_sagen tr_önermek
tr_liderlik de_schicht
tr_at de_zucht
de_zeigen tr_söylemek
de_medikation tr_tedavi
tr_koşucu de_athlet
de_schicksal tr_denizci
de_könig tr_hükümdar
tr_elmas de_juwel
de_gras tr_zehir
tr_gıda de_gerste
tr_sabun de_reiniger
de_dschungel tr_orman
de_wortspiel tr_mizah
de_snack tr_yemek
tr_voleybol de_sport
tr_kahve de_milch
de_elternteil tr_çocuk
de_maus tr_kemirgen
tr_bütünlük de_arbeitnehmer
de_ablehnen tr_lekelemek
tr_orkide de_blume
tr_salmak de_halten
tr_duvarcı de_arbeitnehmer
tr_ekmek de_fußball
tr_arazi de_bereich
de_auto tr_limuzin
tr_sırt de_schulter
de_keks tr_gıda
de_frau tr_bilezik
tr_kabul_etmek de_wiederherstellen
de_ermöglichen tr_iliştirmek
tr_cesaret de_streugut
de_krankheit tr_kanser
tr_insan de_mann
de_sitz tr_taht
tr_bilgi de_voraussicht
tr_meyve_pastası de_kuchen
de_hals tr_akış
tr_kokarca de_tier
tr_kral de_herrscher
tr_yaratık de_monster
tr_protein de_fleisch
tr_enstruman de_skalpell
de_dunkelheit tr_flanel
de_pudding tr_tatlı
de_bild tr_tablo
tr_ipucu de_beweis
de_moskito tr_bilgelik
de_stufe tr_merdiven
de_konversation tr_iletişim
tr_kare de_form
de_umdrehen tr_atlamak
de_heldin tr_kadın
tr_deniz_ürünleri de_muschel
de_steuerbord tr_tuvalet
tr_resim de_fernsehen
tr_alkol de_substanz
tr_çekiç de_werkzeug
de_heuhaufen tr_istif
de_lob tr_onay
de_blume tr_orkide
tr_yengeç de_lebensmittel
tr_azot de_wasserstoff
de_steigen tr_inmek
de_unterhalten tr_tavsiye_vermek
tr_atıcı de_fänger
tr_ateş de_wasser
de_vater tr_anne
de_subtraktion tr_konak
de_erweiterung tr_eklenti
de_berechnen tr_teslim_etmek
de_auto tr_tren
de_bestrafung tr_ödül
de_kette tr_bağ
tr_insan de_tier
tr_fiske de_verteidigen
tr_tünel de_passage
tr_keman de_cello
tr_dana_eti de_lebensmittel
de_necken tr_rahatsız_etmek
tr_gün_doğumu de_sonnenuntergang
de_entfernen tr_taşımak
tr_uçurum de_tropfen
tr_boşaltmak de_löschen
tr_balina de_kricket
tr_turp de_karotte
de_sitzen tr_ayakta_durmak
de_meeresfrüchte tr_midye
de_aufgabe tr_gündelik_iş
tr_acemi de_anfänger
de_diebstahl tr_ilave
de_kehle tr_boyun
de_erschlagen tr_öldürmek
de_fuß tr_bacak
de_kaiser tr_hükümdar
de_kamerad tr_partner
de_punkt tr_kalem
tr_prizma de_form
de_bier tr_alkol
tr_motor de_zug
tr_kaktüs de_pflanze
de_fazit tr_başlangıç
tr_fıstık de_kaschunuss
de_biologe tr_kimyager
de_ziege tr_oğlak
tr_operasyon de_geist
tr_sürücü de_geweih
de_arbeitnehmer tr_marangoz
de_mut tr_metanet
tr_ansiklopedi de_buch
tr_kişi de_inhaber
de_softball tr_spor
de_bad tr_küvet
tr_bağışlamak de_überzeugen
de_substantiv tr_fiil
tr_kızarmak de_klären
tr_sigara de_zigarre
de_sprechen tr_iletişim_kurmak
de_blume tr_suç
tr_yapmak de_unterhalten
tr_maydanoz de_lebensmittel
tr_silah de_schwert
de_tod tr_son
tr_kimya de_wissenschaft
de_zeitschrift tr_yayın
tr_eskimo_kulübesi de_hütte
tr_zanaat de_stricken
de_verrühren tr_karıştırmak
tr_çiçek de_orchidee
tr_anlam de_freiheit
tr_kişi de_herausgeber
de_manguste tr_hayvan
de_pronomen tr_sözcük
tr_portakal de_obst
de_zimmermann tr_çalışan
de_athlet tr_koşucu
de_bergmann tr_işçi
tr_fırın de_herd
tr_pelerin de_jacke
tr_çalıştırmak de_steuern
tr_kardeşlik de_verein
tr_olimpiyatlar de_veranstaltung
de_traube tr_uç
tr_takı de_ohrring
de_erdferkel tr_hayvan
tr_vermek de_senden
de_verfahren tr_gözyaşı
de_spielzeug tr_oyuncak_bebek
tr_tayfa de_gruppe
tr_karnıbahar de_brokkoli
de_null tr_numara
de_strom tr_hat
de_anfügen tr_bağlamak
tr_daktilo de_maschine
de_nehmen tr_kaçırmak
tr_kapak de_auge
de_brise tr_rüzgar
de_lachs tr_balık
de_koffein tr_kahve
de_insekt tr_sivrisinek
de_kopf tr_ayak
de_erodieren tr_kızdırmak
de_professor tr_profesyonel
tr_kişi de_redner
de_glockenspiel tr_çan
de_elend tr_üzüntü
de_sonnenuntergang tr_gün_doğumu
tr_tornavida de_werkzeug
de_denken tr_şüphelenmek
de_abschlussball tr_parti
tr_kral de_führer
tr_anne de_elternteil
tr_ipucu de_vorschlag
de_klinge tr_bıçak
tr_dumanlı_sis de_leistung
de_zinn tr_alüminyum
tr_maymun de_säugetier
de_prinzessin tr_prens
tr_şeytan de_gott
de_prinzessin tr_talih
tr_baba de_mutter
tr_savunma de_angriff
de_kreis tr_çizgi
tr_pis_kokmak de_entlassen
de_pärchen tr_çift
de_kühlschrank tr_top
tr_birleştirmek de_mischen
tr_eş de_kunst
de_forelle tr_balık
tr_devlet_başkanı de_führer
tr_yargı de_urteil
de_pfirsich tr_armut
tr_tuvalet de_badezimmer
tr_fasulye de_lebensmittel
tr_oturmak de_liegen
tr_komutan de_leutnant
tr_kafiye de_gedicht
de_witz tr_mizah
de_fingernagel tr_parmak
tr_pamuk de_polyester
de_zerschmettern tr_kırmak
tr_rasyonelleştirmek de_streiten
tr_çilek de_lebensmittel
tr_yemek de_abendessen
de_abwesenheit tr_bulunma
de_chemie tr_bıçak
tr_oturma_yeri de_thron
tr_çıkmak de_verlassen
de_feld tr_stadyum
tr_zambak de_pflanze
tr_kilit de_tür
tr_prens de_kapitän
de_beschuldigen tr_içmek
de_charakter tr_kişilik
tr_kasa de_gipfel
de_ersticken tr_öldürmek
de_bürger tr_satış_elemanı
tr_kafiye de_abendessen
de_feuerwaffe tr_silah
de_blicken tr_dik_dik_bakmak
de_klatsch tr_söylenti
de_arbeitnehmer tr_duvarcı_ustası
tr_işletmek de_steuern
de_banane tr_meyve
tr_tez de_erklärung
de_zerstören tr_öldürmek
de_ei tr_mimari
de_banjo tr_gitar
de_öffnung tr_giriş
de_wissenschaft tr_matematik
de_unschuld tr_üzüm
de_boden tr_zemin
de_baum tr_bitki
de_arbeitnehmer tr_teknisyen
tr_halı de_teppich
tr_timsah de_tier
tr_karışım de_lösung
tr_küpe de_schmuck
de_blumenkohl tr_yiyecek
tr_orman de_wald
de_profit tr_zarar
tr_kişi de_idol
de_knöchel tr_bacak
de_wolkenkratzer tr_bina
de_berühren tr_sıkmak
tr_nehir de_herr
de_rum tr_alkol
de_offizier tr_yasa
tr_yüzgeç de_fisch
de_spinat tr_sebze
de_kuh tr_hayvan
de_tugend tr_manzara
tr_araç de_fernsehen
de_motte tr_kelebek
tr_tonoz de_bank
tr_yeniden_yaratma de_aktivität
de_orange tr_meyve
de_instrument tr_gitar
tr_maaş de_lohn
de_arithmetik tr_matematik
de_scham tr_rezalet
de_lippenstift tr_sınıf
tr_böcek de_insekt
tr_yüzmek de_sinken
de_gerät tr_fırın
tr_hareket_etmek de_schwanken
de_klinge tr_çim_biçici
de_kind tr_keçi
de_olive tr_turşu
de_passage tr_çekirge
tr_trompet de_instrument
de_pistole tr_silah
de_analyse tr_ders
tr_jet de_flugzeug
tr_anlaşma de_bank
de_pony tr_at
tr_kare de_kreis
tr_işitme de_sicht
tr_sürüklenme de_schweben
de_ziehen tr_itmek
tr_video de_fernsehen
tr_başyazı de_zeitung
de_schatten tr_aydınlık
de_ausschuss tr_grup
tr_telefon de_gerät
de_methodist tr_vaftiz_eden_kimse
de_kürbis tr_sebze
tr_şelale de_tennis
de_behandlung tr_ilaç
tr_migren de_kopfschmerzen
tr_inek de_tier
tr_marul de_lebensmittel
de_kochen tr_güveç
de_unterhalten tr_tartışmak
tr_köfte de_lebensmittel
de_kanu tr_tekne
tr_hipotez de_schwimmbad
de_konzern tr_iş
de_mahlzeit tr_dolma_kalem
tr_tırnak de_finger
de_herausgeber tr_kişi
tr_kraliçe de_königtum
tr_servet de_reichtum
de_säge tr_alet
tr_karın de_körper
de_herde tr_grup
de_axt tr_araç
de_fußball tr_spor
de_telefon tr_cihaz
de_erreichen tr_artırmak
tr_kask de_schutz
tr_et_sosu de_soße
tr_hamburger de_sandwich
tr_uzuv de_bein
tr_icat_etmek de_machen
de_buße tr_vicdan_azabı
tr_cin de_alkohol
de_kind tr_ebeveyn
tr_marangoz de_arbeitnehmer
de_tag tr_hafta
tr_patlama_ de_explosion
tr_başparmak de_finger
de_brot tr_futbol
tr_çare de_behandlung
tr_bit de_insekt
de_schemel tr_tuvalet
de_kette tr_bisiklet
de_konzert tr_etkinlik
de_kopfsalat tr_yiyecek
de_athlet tr_sporcu
de_dreieck tr_şekil
tr_yarasa de_tier
de_sport tr_yeniden_yaratma
de_jupiter tr_plüton
de_geduld tr_sabırsızlık
de_fehler tr_başarısızlık
de_kurve tr_batıl_inanç
tr_korumak de_verteidigen
de_mathematik tr_bilim
de_etikett tr_işaret
tr_kriket de_spiel
de_lachen tr_ağlamak
tr_ücret de_gebühr
tr_grafik de_diagramm
de_seehund tr_memeli
de_flügel tr_yarasa
tr_deniz_tarağı de_meeresfrüchte
tr_kasırga de_taifun
de_smog tr_kazanım
tr_tenis de_aktivität
de_arbeitslosigkeit tr_istihdam
de_krippe tr_tedavi
de_gehen tr_bırakmak
de_zitrone tr_ağaç
tr_yulaf_ezmesi de_lebensmittel
tr_tutmak de_reservieren
tr_yemek de_stift
tr_katletmek de_töten
tr_savunmak de_schützen
de_see tr_su
tr_beyin de_bewegung
tr_kâtip de_person
de_saphir tr_taş
tr_su de_flüssigkeit
tr_protein de_ei
tr_takı de_ring
tr_kurbağa de_tier
de_szene tr_film
tr_tüfek de_feuerwaffe
tr_kabak de_lebensmittel
de_olive tr_yiyecek
tr_komutan de_führer
de_rückziehen tr_inmek
de_schutz tr_kask
tr_mağaza de_geschäft
tr_profesör de_fachmann
tr_ağaç de_pflanze
tr_soda de_flüssigkeit
de_stoßen tr_sıkıştırmak
tr_dalga de_bewegung
tr_kadın_ de_ring
de_erdbeere tr_gıda
de_ente tr_hayvan
tr_azınlık de_toilette
tr_dua_etmek de_kommunizieren
de_elefant tr_hayvan
tr_saksofon de_behandlung
tr_unutmak de_verweigern
de_schinken tr_yiyecek
de_form tr_üçgen
tr_tabanca de_waffe
de_mantel tr_şömine
de_penny tr_bozuk_para
de_knöchel tr_parmak
tr_yoksulluk de_disziplin
tr_tören de_klinge
tr_karabiber de_salz
de_tutu tr_etek
de_umdrehen tr_savunmak
de_erwiederung tr_cevap
de_kind tr_kız_çocuk
de_unterbrechen tr_açıklamak
tr_yılan de_schwäche
tr_ördek de_vogel
de_bischof tr_kral
de_dekade tr_devir
tr_insan de_enzyklopädie
de_bett tr_mobilya
tr_dünya de_angelegenheit
tr_ulaşmak de_erhöhen
de_kürbis tr_anlam
tr_üflemek de_knallen
de_schlange tr_hayvan
de_schwimmer tr_koşucu
tr_yakut de_juwel
tr_fıçı de_container
tr_orkide de_pflanze
tr_çamur de_schmutz
tr_kanguru de_tier
tr_çare de_ursache
de_hohlraum tr_diş
tr_bira de_getränk
de_vereinen tr_evlenmek
de_stirn tr_yüz
tr_çene de_gesicht
de_junge tr_çocuk
tr_tenor de_sänger
tr_skalpel de_werkzeug
de_versprechen tr_tırmanmak
tr_canını_yakmak de_beleidigen
de_vereinen tr_bölmek
tr_zırh de_dachboden
tr_kafein de_tee
de_erheben tr_alçalmak
de_moor tr_çökelge
de_hobby tr_aktivite
tr_saksofon de_instrument
tr_dana_eti de_fleisch
tr_ev_ödevi de_arbeit
tr_anne de_frau
de_mutter tr_yetişkin
de_krautsalat tr_yiyecek
de_stinktier tr_hayvan
de_stichwort tr_ipucu
de_brust tr_hindi
de_onkel tr_teyze
de_couch tr_kanepe
tr_görev de_pflicht
de_busen tr_göğüs
de_leistung tr_kil
de_ohrring tr_takı
tr_eğitim de_schule
tr_hareket de_aktion
tr_otostop_yapmak de_anrufen
de_ameisenbär tr_hayvan
de_schreien tr_konuşmak
de_boot tr_gemi
tr_karanfil de_pflanze
tr_kadın_kahraman de_frau
de_person tr_kasiyer
tr_yumurta de_architektur
de_schauen tr_değerlendirmek
tr_kafa de_körper
tr_sinyal de_stopplicht
de_ebene tr_planör
tr_uçak de_kanone
tr_çilek de_obst
de_mädchen tr_çocuk
tr_kaldırmak de_entladen
de_sprache tr_iletişim
de_rotkehlchen tr_kuş
de_feier tr_etkinlik
de_architektur tr_yapı
tr_zenginlik de_armut
tr_kayıt_etmek de_abstürzen
de_muschel tr_tarak_kabuğu
tr_kız de_person
tr_kılavuz de_forscher
tr_dergi de_veröffentlichung
de_unternehmen tr_organizasyon
de_mikrowelle tr_cihaz
de_baseball tr_spor
tr_hareket_etmek de_drängen
de_bart tr_keçi
de_breite tr_yükseklik
de_zerdrücken tr_ezmek
tr_karaciğer de_biologe
de_himmel tr_cehennem
tr_incir de_lebensmittel
de_könig tr_kraliçe
de_küche tr_yatak_odası
de_baumwolle tr_kumaş
de_verteidigung tr_saldırı
de_basketball tr_spor
tr_kuğu de_tier
de_gas tr_otomobil
tr_eklem de_ellbogen
de_therapie tr_tedavi
tr_turna_balığı de_fisch
de_studentenverbindung tr_organizasyon
tr_resim de_gemälde
tr_zaman de_epoche
de_haar tr_memeli
de_pilz tr_canavar
de_sonnenaufgang tr_gün_batımı
tr_kasiyer de_person
tr_ceset de_thron
de_fehler tr_cetvel
de_gauner tr_hastalık
tr_öngörü de_weisheit
de_dolch tr_silah
de_pfad tr_leopar
de_integrität tr_çalışan
tr_çalışan de_arbeit
tr_sivrisinek de_insekt
de_mandarine tr_çekirdek
tr_afet de_tragödie
de_toilette tr_timsah
de_trampen tr_aramak
tr_doku de_brücke
de_schauen tr_kısık_bakmak
de_ruhesessel tr_koltuk
de_buch tr_atlas
tr_yatak de_schlafzimmer
de_schwanz tr_su
de_tor tr_keski
de_hecke tr_tel_örgü
de_schlamm tr_kir
de_werfen tr_atmak
tr_sigara de_tabak
tr_kız de_junge
de_voraussicht tr_bilgi
de_lehrer tr_profesyonel
tr_kürek de_werkzeug
tr_klavye de_schreibmaschine
tr_kanarya de_feder
de_dom tr_hasar
tr_zaman de_raum
tr_kurul de_gruppe
de_limonade tr_içecek
tr_fil de_vorlesung
tr_atom de_mythologie
tr_kuzey de_süden
tr_kaptan de_offizier
tr_azot de_sauerstoff
de_geist tr_ruh
de_norden tr_güney
de_gipfel tr_tepe
tr_gözlemek de_beenden
tr_bolluk de_knappheit
tr_kontrol_etmek de_halten
tr_mürettebat de_gruppe
de_getränk tr_soda
de_fisch tr_levrek
de_ablehnen tr_inkar_etmek
tr_kivi de_obst
tr_kir de_schmutz
de_hase tr_gıda
de_getränk tr_bira
de_frau tr_kadın_kahraman
tr_yer de_boden
tr_atom_çekirdeği de_atom
de_otter tr_hayvan
tr_kalça de_körper
de_volleyball tr_spor
de_seife tr_temizleyici
de_zerstören tr_tadına_bakmak
tr_üzüntü de_vater
tr_kızdırmak de_stören
tr_dergi de_buch
tr_kare de_rechteck
de_produzent tr_yapıcı
tr_karanlık de_flanell
tr_mutfak de_schlafzimmer
tr_kadın_garson de_arbeitnehmer
tr_ilişki de_relation
de_ballerina tr_dansçı
tr_püskürmek de_explodieren
tr_diş de_säge
tr_casus de_agent
de_veranda tr_ev
de_auslöser tr_tabanca
de_fachmann tr_amatör
tr_hızlandırmak de_eingestehen
de_eiche tr_kolye
tr_içecek de_bier
de_signal tr_trafik_ışığı
tr_turp de_gemüse
de_behalten tr_ayırmak
de_vorderseite tr_arka
de_rettich tr_havuç
de_saturn tr_venüs
de_neffe tr_kız_yeğen
de_biologie tr_bilim
de_laubsäge tr_alet
tr_çiçek de_pflanze
tr_madenci de_arbeitnehmer
de_leiche tr_taht
tr_sıfır de_nummer
de_fußball tr_basketbol
tr_tartışmak de_rationalisieren
de_gold tr_metal
tr_beşik de_wiege
tr_bisiklet de_fahrzeug
tr_balina de_säugetier
de_gelenk tr_dirsek
tr_kiraz de_baum
tr_akşam_yemeği de_dinosaurier
de_integrieren tr_karıştırmak
tr_lamba de_tisch
tr_turşu de_lebensmittel
de_werkzeug tr_tornavida
de_stern tr_galaksi
de_brechen tr_çatırdamak
de_bein tr_kol
de_nacht tr_gündüz
tr_piskopos de_könig
de_mensch tr_ansiklopedi
de_pubertät tr_dönem
de_vergnügen tr_sürü
de_fuß tr_inç
tr_reddetmek de_stoppen
de_frosch tr_hayvan
tr_yeterlilik de_fähigkeit
de_anhänger tr_lider
de_film tr_güneş
de_armut tr_disiplin
de_schwingen tr_itmek
tr_vazgeçmek de_besiegen
de_nonne tr_softbol
de_dunkelheit tr_aydınlık
tr_kuzu de_tier
de_bilanz tr_hesap
tr_inmek de_erstellen
tr_firavun_faresi de_tier
tr_çarpmak de_schleifen
de_geysir tr_çeşme
tr_hobi de_aktivität
de_hersteller tr_yaratıcı
de_wissenschaft tr_anatomi
tr_filo de_marine
de_champingon tr_mantar
de_saft tr_süt
tr_kazanç de_platzen
de_petersilie tr_gıda
de_medikation tr_saksofon
tr_hareket de_aktivität
tr_iş de_hausaufgaben
tr_patlama de_lärm
de_königin tr_duş
de_lid tr_göz
de_bein tr_uyluk
de_demütigen tr_canını_yakmak
tr_bozmak de_vergessen
tr_kraliçe de_dusche
de_krug tr_kap
de_kamera tr_anatomi
tr_anlam de_unsinn
tr_sandalye de_möbel
de_gänserich tr_biyoloji
de_biest tr_canavar
de_golf tr_oyun
tr_üretici de_hersteller
tr_saklamak de_entwickeln
tr_silah de_dolch
de_chor tr_şarkı
tr_hizmetçi de_sklave
tr_kartal de_vogel
tr_astronomi de_wissenschaft
de_schulter tr_dirsek
tr_sefalet de_trauer
tr_öğüt_vermek de_reden
tr_kumaş de_baumwolle
de_regal tr_kabine
de_sechs tr_yedi
tr_grup de_chor
de_bildung tr_imparatorluk
de_wurst tr_gıda
de_affe tr_hayvan
de_eidechse tr_hayvan
de_hexe tr_iş
de_verschlechtern tr_unutmak
de_streiken tr_darbe_vurmak
de_gefühl tr_empati
tr_bükmek de_wenden
tr_otoban de_straße
de_schlagen tr_koşmak
de_zement tr_taş
tr_sıçan de_tier
tr_bulut de_himmel
tr_klavye de_arm
de_uneinigkeit tr_fikir_ayrılığı
de_affe tr_memeli
tr_koca de_schlange
tr_kadın_iç_çamaşırı de_unterwäsche
tr_toprak de_grund
tr_inanmama de_glauben
tr_çalışan de_zimmermann
tr_bakır de_brieftasche
de_kupfer tr_bronz
de_wolf tr_hayvan
de_säugetier tr_hayvan
tr_jambon de_lebensmittel
tr_kepek de_flocke
tr_bit de_floh
de_schule tr_eğitim
tr_fil de_offizier
de_nonne tr_keşiş
tr_rehin de_gefangener
tr_kız_evlat de_frau
de_pfirsich tr_meyve
de_mörder tr_katil
tr_raf de_wandschrank
tr_alın de_gesicht
tr_mide de_abdomen
tr_koşmak de_springen
de_maschine tr_baharat
de_ventil tr_kalp
de_atmosphäre tr_katil
tr_kanat de_haut
tr_kaynatmak de_einfrieren
tr_söylemek de_empfehlen
tr_yol de_autobahn
de_boxen tr_vurmak
tr_ipek de_baumwolle
tr_kral de_königin
de_reim tr_şiir
de_erfassen tr_kapmak
de_morgen tr_zeka
tr_oyuncak de_spielzeug
tr_güve de_schmetterling
tr_içki de_alkohol
tr_kıtık de_sagen
tr_bulyon de_lebensmittel
de_wal tr_kriket
de_toilette tr_iletişim
de_gerät tr_mikrodalga
de_kommandant tr_lider
tr_yatak de_möbel
de_muschel tr_midye
de_joker tr_kart
de_vergrößern tr_artırmak
de_möbel tr_sandalye
tr_pişmanlık de_reue
de_straße tr_bulvar
de_regenschirm tr_buz
de_muschel tr_deniz_mahsulü
de_paket tr_kutu
de_flosse tr_balık
tr_konuşmak de_kommunizieren
tr_meltem de_wind
de_präsident tr_lider
de_kopfschmerzen tr_semptom
de_hase tr_hayvan
de_freund tr_sevgili
de_blicken tr_bakmak
de_beil tr_araç
tr_birleştirmek de_heiraten
tr_yıkmak de_töten
de_beschreiben tr_açıklamak
tr_mektup de_alphabet
tr_empati de_gefühl
tr_diş_oyuğu de_zahn
de_schlucken tr_satmak
de_fledermaus tr_kulüp
tr_eş de_partner
de_schwelle tr_kenar
de_wortschatz tr_konuşma
de_halten tr_başlamak
de_sellerie tr_sebze
de_nachrichten tr_bilgi
tr_yılan de_tier
de_tornado tr_tayfun
tr_kredi de_brombeere
tr_tüy de_flotte
de_hammer tr_kanser
tr_bülten de_nachrichten
de_sammeln tr_çevirmek
de_füttern tr_açlıktan_ölmek
de_vergnügen tr_ağrı
tr_hasret_olmak de_verlangen
tr_aşk de_gefühl
de_christ tr_kilise
tr_bina de_dom
de_kiwi tr_meyve
de_braun tr_yeşil
tr_konuşmak de_klopfen
tr_vızıldamak de_fliegen
de_silber tr_metal
de_wettbewerb tr_hesap_makinesi
tr_pastel_boya de_marker
tr_şafak de_tag
tr_uzun_diş de_elefant
de_infinitesimalrechnung tr_trigonometri
tr_borazan de_instrument
tr_kek de_lebensmittel
tr_zamir de_wort
de_wal tr_memeli
de_plätzchen tr_yiyecek
tr_at de_mannschaft
de_milch tr_tereyağı
de_bühne tr_soyguncu
de_verstehen tr_kabul_etmek
de_gin tr_likör
de_gemüse tr_domates
de_kirsche tr_meyve
tr_müzik de_geräusch
de_führer tr_kral
tr_kelime_hazinesi de_sprache
de_region tr_ortak
de_mensch tr_adam
de_pinguin tr_hayvan
de_nelke tr_bitki
tr_bacak de_knie
de_ehepartner tr_evlilik
de_tier tr_canavar
tr_suçlama de_stellen
de_politik tr_hükümet
de_buchstabe tr_alfabe
de_kommen tr_ayrılmak
de_marke tr_tip
de_brieftasche tr_evrak_çantası
tr_iliştirmek de_verbinden
tr_güney de_richtung
de_ratte tr_hayvan
tr_kaşık de_gabel
tr_lejyon de_gruppe
de_anatomie tr_bilim
de_gen tr_kromozom
tr_dışarı de_innenseite
de_empfangshalle tr_ipek
de_feuerstelle tr_baca
tr_vurmak de_pochen
tr_profesör de_fakultät
de_kern tr_hücre
tr_emniyet de_achtung
tr_hareket_etmek de_vertreiben
de_spur tr_kaldırım
de_hinzufügen tr_çıkarmak
tr_kelime_hazinesi de_rede
de_olympia tr_etkinlik
tr_tarih de_juwel
de_bräutigam tr_düğün
de_flotte tr_donanma
de_hemd tr_mikroskop
tr_utanç de_schande
de_ablehnen tr_kabul_etmek
de_leopard tr_kaplan
de_person tr_vatandaş
tr_yıkmak de_schmecken
de_skalpell tr_alet
tr_azot de_element
tr_gömlek de_mikroskop
de_stethoskop tr_alet
tr_mil de_zoll
tr_heykel de_zeichnung
tr_amatör de_besitz
de_beurteilung tr_karar
tr_semptom de_krankheit
tr_reddetmek de_unterdrücken
tr_kardeş de_familie
de_bein tr_diz
de_käse tr_tereyağı
de_kaffee tr_süt
tr_bilim de_disziplin
tr_fikir_ayrılığı de_uneinigkeit
tr_toplamak de_subtrahieren
tr_silah de_waffe
tr_öğle_yemeği de_geige
tr_duraklatmak de_laufen
tr_görme de_wahrnehmung
de_ausflug tr_seyahat
de_schemel tr_başlangıç
tr_fare de_nagetier
de_schmuck tr_yüzük
de_fragen tr_yalvarmak
tr_miktar de_bewerten
tr_ayak_bileği de_bein
tr_çözümlemek de_verschwenden
de_tastatur tr_kol
tr_dönmek de_senden
tr_fare de_tier
tr_kabiliyetsizlik de_fähigkeit
de_königin tr_imtiyaz
tr_mikrodalga de_gerät
de_wiederherstellen tr_kırmak
de_ekstase tr_duygu
tr_hesap de_trigonometrie
tr_simit de_lebensmittel
tr_soğan de_lebensmittel
tr_kazıcı de_bergmann
de_schreiber tr_kişi
tr_öğle_yemeği de_frühstück
de_stiel tr_gövde
tr_tavşan de_synagoge
tr_oksijen de_wasser
tr_toplanma de_fest
tr_dikkat de_fokus
de_stickstoff tr_element
de_halten tr_kontrol_etmek
de_verteidigen tr_korumak
tr_profesyonel de_professor
tr_göz_küresi de_auge
tr_cevap de_frage
de_summen tr_uçmak
tr_basamak de_treppe
de_betrieb tr_ruh
de_mädchen tr_kişi
de_eingestehen tr_satın_almak
tr_film de_sonne
tr_kolye de_armband
tr_öğrenmek de_entwickeln
tr_tavır de_stil
tr_rakı de_alkohol
de_kranich tr_kuş
de_zwölf tr_numara
de_affe tr_primat
de_mitarbeiter tr_okul
tr_dayanmak de_legen
tr_haberler de_information
de_emotion tr_his
de_allee tr_sokak
de_steuern tr_tutmak
de_machen tr_olmak
de_werfer tr_yakalayıcı
de_erstellen tr_inşa_etmek
de_verschlechtern tr_çürümek
de_warnen tr_öğüt_vermek
de_möbel tr_yatar_koltuk
tr_düşman de_gegner
de_aufstieg tr_iniş
de_rückseite tr_ön
tr_köpek de_tier
de_barsch tr_balık
de_sellerie tr_yiyecek
de_beten tr_iletişim_kurmak
tr_balık de_ventil
de_koffein tr_çay
de_vermögen tr_zenginlik
de_semester tr_saat
de_ameise tr_böcek
tr_akşam_yemeği de_mahlzeit
tr_parmak de_handschuh
tr_hidrojen de_helium
de_schriftsteller tr_şair
de_nerven tr_sataşmak
tr_bisküvi de_lebensmittel
de_efeu tr_bitki
tr_ilaç de_tablette
de_flügel tr_melek
tr_gelin de_versammlung
tr_yüzücü de_läufer
tr_çekmek de_drücken
tr_rimel de_lippenstift
tr_kese de_geldbeutel
tr_su de_pfütze
tr_kişi de_nomade
tr_tutmak de_hemmen
tr_meyve de_kirsche
tr_fok de_tier
tr_kiraz de_traube
tr_satmak de_bestätigen
tr_şirket de_geschäft
tr_sarmaşık de_pflanze
de_verzögern tr_göstermek
tr_kabul_etmek de_ignorieren
tr_arzu_etmek de_attackieren
de_bett tr_yatak_odası
tr_araba de_zug
tr_tornavida de_geist
tr_papa de_führer
de_bürger tr_kişi
de_berühren tr_kapmak
de_kette tr_bandaj
tr_cenaze de_zeremonie
tr_ipek de_material
tr_altı de_nummer
tr_büyükanne de_großelternteil
de_spatel tr_mutfak_aleti
tr_süt de_butter
de_bild tr_televizyon
tr_gün_batımı de_abend
de_erfinden tr_yapmak
tr_oyuncak_bebek de_spielzeug
de_diamant tr_inci
de_graph tr_çizelge
de_limousine tr_araç
tr_arka de_vorderseite
de_pflanze tr_turp
tr_deterjan de_reiniger
de_novize tr_yeni_başlayan
de_buntstift tr_keçeli_kalem
de_abwesenheit tr_ilaç
de_feind tr_karşı_taraf
tr_şans de_gelegenheit
tr_coşku de_gefühl
tr_pişirmek de_dünsten
de_wissen tr_içgüdü
tr_eş de_ehe
de_gruppe tr_koro
tr_övgü de_genehmigung
de_held tr_kötü_adam
tr_tüt de_rock
de_feder tr_kuş
de_leser tr_kişi
de_prisma tr_şekil
tr_unutmak de_verringern
de_psychologie tr_bilim
de_verändern tr_ikna_etmek
tr_bağırsak de_bauch
tr_yengeç de_meeresfrüchte
de_gewebe tr_cilt
tr_sarılmak de_halten
tr_suç de_unschuld
de_chirurg tr_doktor
tr_çam de_baum
de_iglu tr_baraka
de_botschaft tr_not
de_erholung tr_spor
tr_durmak de_starten
de_hassen tr_yansıtmak
de_gewinner tr_kaybeden
tr_limon de_obst
tr_bölme de_märchen
tr_tamirci de_arbeitnehmer
de_pfeife tr_org
tr_zevk de_schmerzen
tr_geometri de_mathematik
tr_su de_substanz
de_gehalt tr_ücret
tr_biyolog de_chemiker
tr_akış de_sauerstoff
de_schlagen tr_yok_etmek
de_störung tr_düzen
tr_hindi de_vogel
tr_uyarmak de_beraten
de_grün tr_sarı
tr_amca de_tante
tr_voleybol de_aktivität
tr_hokey de_sport
de_hypothese tr_fikir
tr_politikacı de_gouverneur
de_armee tr_demokrasi
de_land tr_alan
tr_çekmece de_schreibtisch
tr_anatomi de_mensch
tr_okul de_bildung
tr_izin_vermek de_zurückkehren
tr_hastalık de_gesundheit
tr_damızlık de_pferd
tr_sap de_stengel
de_blumenkohl tr_brokoli
de_hinweis tr_kanıt
de_spielball tr_oyuncak
tr_semptom de_schmerzen
tr_ısrar_etmek de_sagen
tr_alaca_karanlık de_reichtum
de_schildkröte tr_hayvan
tr_önermek de_beraten
tr_bitki de_tier
de_skulptur tr_çizim
tr_beyzbol de_fußball
tr_gecikme de_eilen
tr_gösterge de_orchidee
tr_boğaz de_hals
de_welle tr_hareket
de_mehl tr_ekmek
tr_kıkırdamak de_lachen
tr_dört de_nummer
tr_altı de_sieben
de_meter tr_birim
tr_çiçek de_delikt
de_vier tr_numara
de_aufzug tr_bina
tr_vermek de_nehmen
tr_uç de_bleistift
tr_işçi de_mechaniker
tr_sevinç de_trauer
tr_uç de_nadel
tr_havuç de_lebensmittel
tr_et_suyu de_lebensmittel
de_gewebe tr_kemik
tr_şarkıcı de_beweis
de_geschirrspüler tr_cihaz
de_beere tr_kiraz
de_eishockey tr_spor
tr_ajans de_gruppe
de_these tr_ifade
tr_eklem de_finger
de_schiff tr_araç
de_pasta tr_salata
de_gebäude tr_katedral
de_mythos tr_efsane
de_rennen tr_yarışma
tr_yaka de_hals
tr_konser de_veranstaltung
tr_profesör de_mitarbeiter
de_eiweiß tr_yumurta
de_zucht tr_at
de_bewegen tr_sallanmak
de_lebensmittel tr_arpa
tr_yara de_verletzung
tr_kunduz de_tier
de_daumen tr_parmak
tr_bakiye de_konto
tr_vurmak de_sprengen
tr_saat de_leben
tr_arp de_instrument
tr_motosiklet de_fahrzeug
tr_şahin de_adler
tr_göstermek de_vereinen
de_schraubendreher tr_çekiç
de_arzt tr_cerrah
tr_yetki de_macht
tr_evlenmek de_beitreten
tr_takipçi de_führer
tr_domuz_eti de_schwein
de_leistung tr_oturma_yeri
tr_dirgen de_mischung
tr_asansör de_gebäude
de_schlange tr_zayıflık
de_bulette tr_gıda
tr_su de_luft
de_seehund tr_hayvan
tr_üç de_sechs
de_krautsalat tr_salata
tr_kulübe de_haus
tr_akıl de_wissen
tr_kasap de_bäcker
tr_kopmak de_platzen
tr_mikroskop de_fernrohr
tr_karga de_vogel
tr_ekmek de_sandwich
tr_bavul de_gepäck
de_fahrzeug tr_motosiklet
tr_çift de_paar
tr_kap_kacak de_werkzeug
tr_göz_atmak de_starren
de_ringen tr_spor
tr_kimya de_messer
tr_dirsek de_gelenk
de_handtasche tr_kase
tr_yüzmek de_laufen
tr_sıkı_tutmak de_zermalmen
de_wasser tr_su_birikintisi
tr_köpek de_säugetier
tr_katil de_mörder
tr_gen de_chromosom
tr_satış_elemanı de_person
tr_kılıç de_waffe
tr_eğitim de_reich
tr_bacak de_arm
de_tier tr_ördek
tr_aramak de_untersuchen
tr_hareket_etmek de_abschleppen
tr_zincir de_bindung
tr_gün de_woche
tr_roman de_fiktion
tr_başlatmak de_senden
de_atlas tr_kitap
tr_onbaşı de_offizier
tr_yunus de_sauerstoff
de_betrug tr_aldatma
tr_proje de_element
tr_lobi de_seide
tr_peçete de_mahlzeit
tr_oyuncular de_show
de_bedeutung tr_özgürlük
tr_yemek de_snack
tr_etiket de_schild
tr_cihaz de_ofen
de_krabbe tr_deniz_ürünleri
tr_mus de_lebensmittel
tr_lahana_salatası de_salat
de_satz tr_kanı
tr_bak de_strecken
tr_yol de_allee
de_anmut tr_iyilik
de_mauer tr_bariyer
tr_midye de_meeresfrüchte
tr_nakarat de_lied
tr_günlük de_zeitschrift
de_auto tr_araç
tr_ayarlamak de_schwingen
tr_eşik de_kante
de_braut tr_düğün
tr_limon de_baum
de_bruder tr_kız_kardeş
de_schraubendreher tr_hayalet
tr_tost_makinası de_gerät
