tr_fare en_rodent
tr_sardalya en_food
tr_çörek en_food
en_leave tr_kontrol_etmek
tr_altyazı en_technique
en_darkness tr_flanel
tr_ev_ödevi en_work
tr_sallanmak en_set
tr_yol en_path
tr_kâbus en_dream
en_bracelet tr_kolye
en_subtraction tr_konak
en_dog tr_hayvan
tr_fiske en_defend
tr_akciğer en_organ
tr_saldırı en_remove
en_gauge tr_kaldırım
en_restroom tr_iletişim
en_symphony tr_müzik
tr_hesaplamak en_deliver
tr_keman en_cello
en_orange tr_meyve
en_spade tr_kürek
en_hornet tr_yaban_arısı
tr_hitap_etmek en_talk
tr_vazgeçmek en_change
tr_satürn en_planet
en_cookie tr_yiyecek
en_remark tr_öldürmek
en_mustache tr_kıl
en_threshold tr_kapı
en_star tr_deniz_kabuğu
tr_mahzen en_chamber
en_borrow tr_rahatsız_etmek
tr_şemsiye en_ice
en_necklace tr_bilezik
en_pray tr_iletişim_kurmak
en_screwdriver tr_hayalet
en_pain tr_semptom
tr_panzehir en_drug
en_building tr_katedral
tr_öğle_yemeği en_food
en_ecstasy tr_duygu
tr_evre en_stage
en_sub tr_denizaltı
en_employee tr_çalışan
tr_araba_bagajı en_car
en_constitution tr_belge
en_barley tr_gıda
tr_çözümlemek en_waste
tr_düşman en_adversary
en_crossing tr_kaplumbağa
tr_koşucu en_athlete
en_copper tr_cüzdan
tr_ağırlık en_quantity
tr_yıldız en_galaxy
en_science tr_anatomi
en_lunch tr_keman
tr_inşa_etmek en_break
tr_sivrisinek en_insect
tr_prensip en_idea
en_instruct tr_bilgilendirmek
tr_tütsü en_odor
en_tusk tr_görev
en_answer tr_soru
en_write tr_konuşmak
en_unemployment tr_istihdam
en_pretend tr_daldırmak
en_divide tr_eklemek
tr_kasap en_baker
en_agreement tr_anlaşmazlık
tr_turp en_carrot
en_armor tr_çatı_katı
tr_kızarmak en_tan
en_slay tr_öldürmek
tr_sözlük en_book
en_lemon tr_meyve
tr_sıvı en_substance
tr_atlet en_runner
tr_pelerin en_cloak
tr_anne en_adult
tr_kereviz en_lettuce
tr_yaratık en_wolf
en_dime tr_beş_sent
en_potato tr_sebze
tr_değişik_olmak en_agree
en_pitcher tr_yakalayıcı
en_liver tr_kalp
tr_zeytin en_food
tr_seçim en_process
en_toaster tr_alet
en_tool tr_tornavida
en_creek tr_dere
tr_yiyecek en_sausage
tr_diz en_joint
tr_hisse en_stock
en_wound tr_yara_
tr_tecavüz en_crime
tr_erdem en_landscape
en_bagel tr_yiyecek
en_curve tr_yol__
tr_suçlama en_drink
en_scallop tr_yiyecek
en_observe tr_izlemek
en_project tr_unsur
en_point tr_kalem
en_cotton tr_kumaş
tr_hastalık en_cancer
tr_çamur en_dirt
en_finger tr_eldiven
en_weed tr_zehir
en_oak tr_odun
en_dunk tr_daldırma
en_swimmer tr_koşucu
tr_kaz en_animal
tr_amatör en_expert
tr_kurbağa en_animal
tr_hamburger en_bird
tr_organ en_kidney
tr_denetlemek en_examine
tr_araç en_truck
tr_sirke en_acid
en_snake tr_yılan
tr_ahbap en_buddy
en_gun tr_silah
en_region tr_ortak
en_granite tr_taş
tr_soğan en_food
tr_farz_etmek en_think
tr_mutluluk en_emotion
en_line tr_merhem
en_volleyball tr_aktivite
en_treatment tr_terapi
en_water tr_madde
en_animal tr_sürüngen
en_gull tr_kuş
en_feeling tr_coşku
tr_dışarı en_inside
en_wolf tr_hayvan
tr_yumurta en_milk
tr_sevinç en_sorrow
tr_isim en_adjective
en_animal tr_kap
en_wing tr_uçak
en_bunch tr_grup
en_lamp tr_masa
en_ape tr_primat
tr_davul en_instrument
tr_ayak_bileği en_leg
tr_nokta en_pencil
tr_atmosfer en_killer
tr_kıskançlık en_feeling
en_oxygen tr_gaz
tr_çekmek en_push
en_four tr_numara
en_alto tr_ses
tr_prestij en_status
tr_bisküvi en_food
en_stink tr_yollamak
tr_çevirmek en_turn
en_admit tr_inkar_etmek
tr_çene en_face
en_ascend tr_yükselmek
tr_inanç en_religion
en_hypothesis tr_fikir
tr_köfte en_food
en_elephant tr_hayvan
tr_azot en_oxygen
en_rhyme tr_akşam_yemeği
tr_yayımcı en_person
tr_çekmece en_chest
tr_on_sent en_nickel
en_oak tr_çam
tr_galon en_measure
en_elbow tr_eklem
en_chimpanzee tr_maymungil
en_nine tr_numara
en_elevator tr_bina
en_haze tr_sis
tr_gün_batımı en_evening
en_guide tr_kitap
en_doughnut tr_yiyecek
en_assume tr_düşünmek
tr_oğlan en_man
tr_kayıt_etmek en_crash
en_gulp tr_yutmak
tr_senato en_congress
en_model tr_örnek
en_monster tr_yaratık
en_painting tr_yıkayıcı
en_week tr_ay
tr_bulaşık_makinesi en_appliance
tr_çay en_brook
en_topic tr_tema
tr_kulak en_employee
en_swap tr_değiştirmek
tr_yazar en_writer
tr_çil en_spot
en_disallow tr_lekelemek
tr_kulübe en_inn
en_club tr_kardeşlik
en_oatmeal tr_gıda
tr_kâr en_loss
en_carrot tr_yiyecek
tr_duvarcı en_worker
tr_kese en_wallet
en_fish tr_levrek
tr_naylon en_cotton
tr_koru en_group
tr_sorgulamak en_think
tr_altı en_number
en_horn tr_keçi
en_abuse tr_kötü_davranmak
en_abdomen tr_göbek
tr_makale en_paragraph
tr_alto en_tenor
en_educate tr_bilgilendirmek
tr_eskimo_kulübesi en_hut
en_meal tr_dolma_kalem
tr_ada en_land
tr_görev en_job
tr_heykel en_figure
en_marble tr_taş
en_square tr_çember
tr_kader en_stream
tr_atom_çekirdeği en_atom
tr_füze en_rocket
en_bird tr_kaz
tr_teğmen en_courage
en_sport tr_aktivite
tr_ebeveyn en_family
tr_kafa en_arrow
tr_kano en_boat
tr_madde en_water
tr_sahne en_robber
en_job tr_aktivite
tr_besleme en_starve
en_maroon tr_renk
en_grasp tr_çatırtatmak
en_suggestion tr_fikir
en_water tr_buz
en_limousine tr_migren
tr_bıyık en_hair
tr_boynuz en_horn
tr_yangın en_flame
tr_evlenmek en_marry
tr_tutar en_quantity
en_stage tr_platform
tr_ipek en_material
tr_erkek_yeğen en_niece
en_ounce tr_ölçü
en_renounce tr_sallamak
en_operation tr_ruh
tr_beşik en_treatment
tr_asansör en_building
en_water tr_sıvı
en_prom tr_parti
tr_gümüş en_gold
tr_değer en_amount
en_statue tr_sanat
tr_kapasite en_limit
tr_düşünce en_belief
tr_kare en_circle
tr_memeli en_dolphin
tr_duygu en_ecstasy
tr_formül en_equation
tr_karayolu en_road
tr_ileti en_note
tr_yunus_balığı en_mammal
tr_azot en_hydrogen
tr_karıştırmak en_compound
tr_dondurucu en_refrigerator
en_gas tr_otomobil
en_antidote tr_çare
en_nose tr_yüz
tr_dışkı en_toilet
en_thought tr_inanç
en_artist tr_yaratıcı
en_veal tr_yiyecek
en_corn tr_yiyecek
tr_şekil en_triangle
tr_basamak en_stairway
en_acid tr_kabuk
en_ritual tr_etkinlik
en_urge tr_önermek
tr_yengeç en_food
en_professional tr_amatör
en_herd tr_grup
en_mink tr_hayvan
tr_duvar en_department
tr_yetki en_power
tr_cevap en_question
tr_alkol en_substance
en_cat tr_görünüm
en_wife tr_koca
tr_erkek en_female
en_spouse tr_dost
tr_kâşif en_scientist
en_chance tr_fırsat
tr_isim en_verb
tr_sürahi en_jar
en_onion tr_sarımsak
en_appliance tr_bulaşık_makinesi
en_dawn tr_gün_batımı
tr_zevk en_herd
en_dominate tr_kontrol_etmek
en_movement tr_hareket
tr_arkadaş en_foe
tr_güve en_butterfly
tr_tüy en_fleet
en_road tr_bulvar
tr_ayak en_chair
tr_açıklamak en_express
en_strawberry tr_meyve
tr_kızdırmak en_perform
tr_teğmen en_officer
tr_koni en_shape
tr_çiçek en_plant
tr_fil en_animal
en_heart tr_akıl
tr_koşmak en_jump
tr_yakalayıcı en_player
en_pavement tr_yol
tr_hırsızlık en_addition
en_citizen tr_kişi
en_fairytale tr_hikaye
tr_eğri en_superstition
en_peace tr_savaş
tr_çocuk en_parent
en_lobby tr_bina
en_brown tr_yeşil
en_summit tr_tepe
en_ending tr_son
tr_meşe en_wood
tr_parti en_event
en_keyboard tr_kol
tr_gökkuşağı en_sky
tr_not en_message
tr_hidrojen en_helium
en_formula tr_denklem
en_calculate tr_teslim_etmek
tr_güç en_clay
en_crave tr_arzulamak
tr_on_iki en_dozen
tr_mimari en_structure
tr_tartışma en_conflict
tr_resim en_painting
tr_ordu en_democracy
tr_profesyonel en_amateur
tr_oğul en_child
en_reaction tr_etki
en_race tr_yarışma
en_river tr_efendi
tr_eliminasyon en_process
en_manner tr_stil
en_stage tr_soyguncu
tr_portakal en_fruit
tr_koca en_spouse
en_mother tr_baba
tr_şafak en_sunset
tr_karanfil en_plant
tr_varsaymak en_think
tr_açıklamak en_explain
en_winter tr_mevsim
tr_aritmetik en_math
en_diner tr_restoran
en_softball tr_spor
en_desire tr_ayırmak
tr_arp en_instrument
en_duty tr_yükümlülük
en_price tr_değer
tr_trajedi en_comedy
tr_mürettebat en_group
en_kid tr_ebeveyn
tr_yığın en_pile
en_saturn tr_gezegen
tr_flüt en_instrument
tr_penguen en_bird
tr_hanım en_castle
en_protein tr_yumurta
tr_katil en_murderer
tr_çilek en_food
en_say tr_iddia_etmek
en_blow tr_vurmak
tr_gizlemek en_hide
tr_veranda en_house
en_rung tr_merdiven
en_wall tr_departman
tr_müzik en_sound
en_architecture tr_yapı
tr_limuzin en_car
tr_proje en_element
tr_kilit en_door
tr_tavşan en_food
tr_ilaç en_tablet
tr_muhallebi en_food
tr_omuz en_elbow
tr_tasarlamak en_draw
tr_acı_biber en_pepper
tr_tosbağa en_animal
tr_köstebek en_animal
en_music tr_ses
tr_yıldız en_shell
en_motorcycle tr_araç
en_migraine tr_ağrı
en_cradle tr_beşik
tr_metre en_measure
en_barracuda tr_balık
tr_elmas en_crystal
en_daughter tr_oğul
tr_hayvan en_message
en_toss tr_duraklatmak
tr_fil_hortumu en_elephant
tr_düşman en_enemy
en_aroma tr_kol
en_lipstick tr_sınıf
tr_hayvan en_elephant
tr_yulaf_ezmesi en_food
en_turkey tr_et
tr_kimya en_knife
tr_öğretmen en_professional
en_analyze tr_atık
en_spin tr_döndürmek
tr_bit en_bug
tr_müzik_aleti en_tuba
en_differ tr_anlaşmak
en_bump tr_sıkıştırmak
tr_kafa en_tail
en_lieutenant tr_subay
en_penguin tr_kuş
en_celery tr_marul
tr_bilezik en_necklace
en_society tr_grup
tr_kavis en_road
en_attack tr_kaldır
tr_buzdolabı en_ball
tr_kırışıklık en_skin
tr_bahçıvan_küreği en_shovel
tr_parça en_portion
tr_kredi en_blackberry
en_spatula tr_mutfak_aleti
en_liver tr_organ
tr_dilenmek en_sip
en_spoon tr_çatal
tr_yeğen en_son
tr_çürümek en_deteriorate
tr_atmak en_annoy
en_geology tr_bilim
en_sandwich tr_gıda
tr_geri_dönüşüm en_waste
tr_karaciğer en_organ
en_swan tr_hayvan
en_atom tr_mitoloji
tr_sallamak en_sink
tr_kanat en_airplane
en_refrigerator tr_top
tr_testere en_tool
tr_kâtip en_calculus
tr_deniztarağı en_food
tr_makine en_spice
en_leadership tr_katman
en_learn tr_yargılamak
tr_kedi en_mammal
tr_çekiç en_tool
en_lady tr_kale
tr_maydanoz en_food
tr_dudak en_tongue
tr_levrek en_fish
en_flashlight tr_ajans
en_ruler tr_imparator
en_gain tr_elde_etmek
tr_gövde en_oasis
tr_galon en_pint
tr_kuruş en_coin
tr_yarışma en_contest
en_father tr_keman
en_insurance tr_emniyet
en_graduation tr_tören
en_present tr_gelecek
en_weapon tr_hançer
en_conversation tr_iletişim
tr_katil en_killer
en_drum tr_müzik_aleti
tr_kişi en_climber
en_boat tr_gemi
tr_çiçek en_offense
tr_cihaz en_oven
tr_sabah en_night
tr_ayak en_leg
tr_amatör en_possession
tr_erkek en_woman
tr_saksofon en_treatment
tr_organizasyon en_foundation
en_picture tr_televizyon
tr_azınlık en_toilet
tr_süpermarket en_grocery
tr_kafa en_pin
tr_beyin en_motion
en_intestine tr_karaciğer
en_porpoise tr_balina
en_homework tr_talimat
tr_kırmak en_shatter
tr_yumruklamak en_hit
en_clam tr_gıda
en_get tr_toplamak
tr_otomobil en_vehicle
tr_köpek en_animal
en_son tr_kız_evlat
en_helium tr_gaz
en_speaker tr_cehennem
tr_kunduz en_animal
tr_sallanmak en_move
tr_oksijen en_gas
en_talk tr_bahsetmek
en_blossom tr_kanguru
en_recycle tr_boşa_harcamak
en_canoe tr_tekne
tr_yer en_area
tr_alt en_submarine
en_sibling tr_aile
en_six tr_yedi
en_decline tr_kabul_etmek
en_kitchen tr_yatak_odası
tr_kral en_leader
en_hand tr_kol
tr_alto en_voice
tr_naylon en_material
tr_orkide en_flower
tr_çilek en_fruit
en_compound tr_karıştırmak
en_supper tr_yemek
en_supper tr_dinozor
tr_topuk en_thigh
en_week tr_yıl
tr_hipotez en_pool
en_adjective tr_fiil
en_street tr_bulvar
en_existence tr_olmak
tr_bacak en_extremity
en_dove tr_kuş
en_ascend tr_tırmanmak
tr_yarasa en_animal
en_whale tr_mağara
tr_böğürtlen en_food
tr_karabiber en_salt
tr_altı en_seven
tr_çiçek en_kangaroo
tr_el_feneri en_agency
tr_imparator en_ruler
en_competence tr_savaş
tr_ceset en_body
en_knit tr_dokuma
tr_tava en_utensil
en_destroy tr_tadına_bakmak
en_ride tr_yürümek
tr_tost_makinası en_appliance
en_reader tr_kişi
tr_varoluş en_being
tr_olimpiyatlar en_event
tr_bira en_beverage
tr_travma en_injury
en_skyscraper tr_toplantı
en_credit tr_böğürtlen
tr_profesyonel en_expert
tr_lobi en_building
en_seafood tr_midye
en_squash tr_gıda
en_bed tr_yatak_odası
tr_düşman en_friend
tr_jip en_vehicle
tr_migren en_headache
tr_yönetici en_person
en_maple tr_ağaç
tr_çiftçi en_worker
tr_prens en_captain
tr_kestane_rengi en_color
en_cat tr_hayvan
tr_marangoz en_worker
tr_abide en_memorial
tr_mayonez en_food
en_tunnel tr_geçit
en_robber tr_haydut
en_snatch tr_yakalamak
tr_bağışlamak en_persuade
tr_meltem en_wind
tr_yara en_injury
tr_batı en_direction
en_screw tr_çivi
tr_softbol en_football
en_oat tr_tahıl
tr_balina en_cave
en_skyscraper tr_bina
tr_hesaplamak en_calculate
en_trip tr_seyahat
en_hockey tr_cümle
en_north tr_yön
en_silk tr_malzeme
tr_sosis en_food
en_umbrella tr_koruma
tr_kıymık en_piece
en_prohibit tr_izin_vermemek
tr_hipotez en_idea
tr_çalışan en_waitress
tr_maksimum en_limit
en_power tr_kil
en_colonel tr_subay
en_fig tr_yiyecek
en_admit tr_satın_almak
en_sculpture tr_sanat
tr_maaş en_wage
en_attic tr_ev
en_wit tr_mizah
en_celery tr_sebze
tr_indirmek en_move
tr_tütsü en_aroma
tr_kanat en_bat
tr_yol en_leopard
tr_tezgahtar en_worker
en_grasp tr_tutmak
tr_kızdırmak en_bother
tr_hıçkırarak_ağlamak en_cry
tr_kaldırım en_road
en_innocence tr_üzüm
tr_nehir en_lord
en_asia tr_afrika
en_strawberry tr_gıda
en_circle tr_çizgi
tr_yaka en_neck
en_copper tr_bronz
tr_mermer en_rock
tr_şemsiye en_protection
en_nylon tr_pamuk
en_waterfall tr_tenis
en_flu tr_hastalık
tr_baca en_swan
en_mud tr_din
en_person tr_insanlar
tr_ağrı en_symptom
tr_eğitmek en_inform
en_pause tr_ara_vermek
en_treasure tr_mülk
en_communication tr_konuşma
en_waitress tr_çalışan
en_jewel tr_yüzük
en_coat tr_şömine
tr_kask en_protection
tr_tören en_blade
en_employee tr_işveren
en_flower tr_çiçek_açması
tr_kılıç en_weapon
tr_teyze en_planet
tr_birlik en_group
en_parent tr_aile
en_construct tr_yapmak
tr_trigonometri en_algebra
tr_şato en_home
en_trauma tr_hasar
tr_tarih en_jewel
en_science tr_matematik
en_fingernail tr_parmak
en_subtraction tr_toplama
tr_bağırmak en_speak
tr_kızılgerdan en_bird
tr_trafik_lambası en_signal
tr_acı_biber en_food
tr_sarsmak en_tease
tr_zırh en_attic
en_gravity tr_güç
tr_kurmak en_make
en_incense tr_koku
tr_turp en_vegetable
en_happiness tr_duygu
tr_hayvan en_mammal
tr_pizza en_food
tr_kişi en_people
tr_göğüs en_turkey
en_irritate tr_harcamak
tr_tebeşir en_crayon
tr_dana_eti en_food
en_accelerate tr_kabul_etmek
en_leather tr_malzeme
en_olive tr_yiyecek
tr_hayvan en_rat
en_parent tr_ata
en_siren tr_işaret
en_fruit tr_kiraz
en_lobby tr_ipek
tr_kamyonet en_vehicle
en_pal tr_arkadaş
tr_işaret en_sign
tr_darbe_vurmak en_annihilate
en_lid tr_göz
en_tablet tr_ilaç
tr_otostop_yapmak en_travel
en_west tr_yön
en_couple tr_çift
tr_balçık en_goo
tr_zindan en_castle
en_crab tr_gıda
tr_vida en_nail
en_procedure tr_gözyaşı
en_quiz tr_test
en_mushroom tr_mantar
en_whale tr_kriket
en_animal tr_ileti
tr_değiştirmek en_change
tr_yumurta_sarısı en_egg
en_dinner tr_çekmece
tr_beklemek en_seize
tr_boyama en_washer
en_vehicle tr_motosiklet
tr_coşku en_feeling
tr_ansiklopedi en_book
tr_turta en_food
en_lunch tr_gıda
tr_futbol en_sport
en_wood tr_kereste
en_formula tr_fırıncı
en_tease tr_rahatsız_etmek
tr_hat en_ointment
en_gravy tr_gıda
en_wife tr_yüzük
en_driver tr_boynuz
tr_pire en_insect
en_break tr_açıklamak
en_semester tr_saat
tr_ayar en_measure
tr_peçete en_meal
tr_martı en_bird
en_hamper tr_tutmak
tr_kızdırmak en_annoy
en_leadership tr_kabiliyet
tr_kolye en_bracelet
tr_portre en_picture
en_climb tr_inmek
tr_kedi en_animal
tr_aktivite en_movement
en_ring tr_takı
tr_mektup en_sign
tr_darp_etmek en_strike
tr_arpa en_food
en_grab tr_almak
tr_paskalya en_holiday
en_component tr_eleman
tr_kriket en_sport
en_chief tr_yönetici
tr_kız_çocuk en_child
tr_ateşkes en_peace
tr_heykel en_drawing
tr_jambon en_food
tr_ön en_rear
tr_daldırmak en_dip
tr_panzehir en_medicine
tr_hesap en_trigonometry
en_material tr_lastik
tr_masumiyet en_grape
tr_incir en_food
en_enemy tr_arkadaş
tr_boynuz en_bull
tr_bira en_liquid
tr_deniz_ürünleri en_mussel
tr_kanarya en_feather
en_shrimp tr_deniz_mahsulü
en_seal tr_memeli
tr_toplum en_people
en_evaluate tr_düşünmek
en_hip tr_vücut
tr_arıza en_mistake
tr_kral en_ruler
en_chalk tr_pastel_boya
tr_galip en_loser
en_medication tr_saksofon
en_remove tr_taşımak
tr_doku en_bone
tr_bira en_alcohol
tr_mesih en_jesus
tr_söyle en_claim
tr_vizyon en_perception
tr_uç en_needle
en_surgeon tr_doktor
tr_örgü_örmek en_weave
en_lily tr_bitki
en_lot tr_miktar
tr_gül en_plant
tr_kaktüs en_plant
en_horse tr_takım
en_elephant tr_ders
en_eyebrow tr_yüz
en_silk tr_kumaş
tr_ölçü en_gallon
tr_emniyet en_danger
en_food tr_sosis
en_state tr_bölge
en_disease tr_kanser
tr_akışkan en_keyboard
en_human tr_hayvan
tr_hedef en_chisel
en_tractor tr_araç
en_proprietor tr_kişi
en_water tr_su_birikintisi
en_contract tr_anlaşma
en_steak tr_yiyecek
en_morning tr_zeka
tr_yılan en_serpent
en_sickle tr_alet
tr_ince_espri en_humor
tr_amatör en_heaven
en_seal tr_uçurtma
tr_ot en_plant
en_saw tr_alet
tr_traktör en_vehicle
tr_dişi_geyik en_animal
en_sister tr_kızlar_birliği
en_bread tr_yiyecek
tr_domuz_eti en_meat
en_observe tr_yanık_ten
tr_anayasa en_document
en_jog tr_koşmak
tr_leopar en_tiger
en_rat tr_hayvan
tr_siren en_signal
tr_gençlik en_group
en_gallon tr_pint
en_vegetable tr_ıspanak
en_science tr_jeoloji
tr_tekne en_ship
tr_dönem en_period
en_chamber tr_peri_masalı
tr_un en_wedding
en_unload tr_hareket_ettirmek
en_disagreement tr_fikir_ayrılığı
en_flesh tr_insan
tr_kartal en_bird
tr_alaca_karanlık en_wealth
tr_bulvar en_street
tr_profesör en_staff
tr_mantar en_kindness
tr_savunmak en_protect
tr_yerdomuzu en_animal
en_glide tr_süzülmek
en_vehicle tr_araba
tr_ev en_location
tr_ifade_vermek en_tell
en_newspaper tr_memur
tr_bakır en_bronze
en_hold tr_güçleştirmek
tr_un en_dough
en_blame tr_koymak
en_ascent tr_iniş
tr_duygu en_anxiety
tr_amca en_aunt
en_four tr_iki
en_foe tr_hasım
tr_tereyağı en_cream
tr_çatı_katı en_house
en_animal tr_fil
en_creature tr_kurt
en_owl tr_kuş
tr_uzman en_professional
tr_kuğu en_animal
en_crew tr_çete
en_cathedral tr_bina
tr_kira en_payment
tr_sözleşme en_agreement
tr_kardeş en_family
en_nun tr_softbol
en_blush tr_açıklamak
en_jar tr_kap
en_hearing tr_görme
tr_at en_mammal
en_novel tr_kurgu
en_tail tr_su
tr_maymun en_mammal
tr_reddetmek en_refuse
en_chip tr_bilgisayar
en_pyramid tr_şekil
en_pint tr_miktar
tr_boyun en_stream
tr_sürücü en_antler
tr_tavşan en_animal
tr_cennet en_hell
tr_kadın en_bracelet
en_animal tr_memeli
en_algebra tr_matematik
tr_alabalık en_fish
tr_eyalet en_region
tr_baykuş en_bird
en_authority tr_güç
tr_gün en_week
tr_kahve en_milk
tr_uç en_pencil
tr_mahalle en_area
tr_demet en_group
tr_içecek en_soda
tr_böcek en_insect
en_quill tr_filo
tr_peynir en_butter
tr_kız_evlat en_son
en_retain tr_tutmak
en_male tr_kadın
tr_puding en_dessert
en_rice tr_yiyecek
tr_lobi en_silk
tr_kuru_erik en_fruit
tr_yıldız en_symbol
en_anxiety tr_duygu
tr_hesap en_lettuce
tr_taş en_rock
en_cure tr_tedavi
tr_dantel en_shoe
en_educate tr_öğretmek
tr_cilt en_hair
tr_vale en_card
en_typewriter tr_makine
tr_balık en_shark
en_banjo tr_enstrüman
en_allow tr_dönmek
en_canary tr_kuş_tüyü
en_pill tr_ilaç
tr_sandalye en_furniture
en_basketball tr_aktivite
en_schedule tr_plan
en_antler tr_boynuz
en_wart tr_vücut_beni
en_portrait tr_resim
en_duck tr_hayvan
tr_raf en_closet
tr_böcek en_mosquito
tr_çatlak en_space
tr_hokey en_sentence
en_caption tr_teknik
tr_fok en_mammal
en_mother tr_kadın
tr_çalışan en_farmer
en_charm tr_cazibe
en_lodge tr_han
en_trombone tr_müzik_aleti
tr_kulüp en_fraternity
tr_ayrılmak en_arrive
tr_dağıtmak en_separate
tr_salyangoz en_courage
en_winner tr_kaybeden
en_hum tr_ıslık_çalmak
tr_bataklık en_marsh
tr_dört en_number
en_dinosaur tr_hayvan
en_floor tr_zemin
en_custard tr_bina
en_chain tr_bağ
en_hawk tr_kartal
en_insect tr_sivrisinek
tr_atlas en_book
en_data tr_bilgi
en_hobby tr_ilgi_alanı
tr_ilaç en_saxophone
tr_devlet_başkanı en_leader
en_effect tr_reaksiyon
tr_enstrüman en_piano
tr_on_iki en_number
tr_aşk en_feeling
en_property tr_mülkiyet
tr_patlama en_noise
en_tug tr_çekmek
en_golf tr_oyun
tr_formül en_baker
tr_ipek en_fabric
en_pollution tr_tekne
en_athlete tr_koşucu
en_salmon tr_balık
en_hitchhike tr_seyahat_etmek
en_feeling tr_kaygı
tr_fırlatmak en_toss
en_competition tr_yarışma
en_camera tr_anatomi
en_worker tr_kadın_garson
tr_zincir en_bond
tr_soda en_beverage
tr_dirgen en_tool
tr_araba en_vehicle
tr_hükümdar en_dictator
tr_keman en_instrument
en_joker tr_kart
tr_maydanoz en_sage
tr_psikoloji en_science
tr_beyzbol en_sport
tr_model en_example
en_wall tr_bariyer
en_aspirin tr_ilaç
tr_konuşmak en_knock
tr_göstermek en_unite
tr_anlamak en_evaluate
en_statue tr_figür
en_trunk tr_ağaç
tr_kuzu en_animal
en_vessel tr_araç
en_army tr_demokrasi
en_beef tr_büyükbaş
tr_bilim en_anatomy
tr_pedal en_bicycle
en_catcher tr_oyuncu
en_bench tr_oturma_yeri
tr_yaban_arısı en_bee
tr_midilli en_horse
tr_kaynatmak en_freeze
en_citizen tr_satış_elemanı
tr_çaydanlık en_teapot
tr_balina en_mammal
tr_sığır_filetosu en_meat
en_sorrow tr_baba
tr_balerin en_dancer
en_baseball tr_spor
en_show tr_birleştirmek
tr_kaz en_bird
tr_tırmanmak en_descend
tr_hapis en_jail
en_sight tr_algı
tr_dumanlı_sis en_achievement
tr_önermek en_advise
tr_fikir en_suggestion
tr_hayvan en_duck
en_update tr_bilgi_vermek
en_freezer tr_buzdolabı
tr_hareket en_stay
tr_galoş en_rubber
tr_tenor en_singer
tr_üzüm en_extremity
en_hitchhike tr_aramak
tr_üçgen en_shape
tr_maymun en_animal
tr_fare en_animal
tr_gazi en_veteran
tr_anlam en_nonsense
en_snake tr_hayvan
en_emotion tr_his
tr_silah en_dagger
tr_küpe en_jewelry
tr_pamuk en_fabric
tr_gökdelen en_building
en_nucleus tr_hücre
tr_balo en_party
en_foundation tr_baz
en_duck tr_kuş
en_limousine tr_araç
en_horn tr_araba
en_acknowledge tr_yok_saymak
en_galaxy tr_evren
en_tutu tr_etek
tr_oğlan en_kid
en_fiddle tr_müzik_aleti
tr_öğüt_vermek en_talk
en_fish tr_köpekbalığı
tr_kanguru en_animal
tr_prosedür en_tear
tr_ocak en_floor
en_gallon tr_ölçü
en_geometry tr_matematik
en_pepper tr_tuz
tr_anlaşma en_disagreement
tr_hayvan en_container
en_substance tr_su
en_noun tr_fiil
en_crevice tr_aralık
en_empire tr_krallık
tr_aspirin en_drug
tr_saç en_mammal
tr_kertenkele en_animal
en_youth tr_grup
tr_insan en_mammal
tr_kapak en_eye
en_author tr_yazar
tr_ruj en_class
en_cavity tr_diş
en_stud tr_boğa
tr_yeşil en_blue
tr_yardım_etmek en_add
en_nitrogen tr_element
tr_çalışan en_worker
en_era tr_zaman
tr_mus en_food
en_trunk tr_araba
en_liquor tr_cin
tr_peri_masalı en_story
en_tree tr_bitki
en_draw tr_tasarlamak
tr_gaz en_automobile
tr_simit en_food
en_baseball tr_futbol
en_fish tr_kapak
tr_pint en_amount
tr_çağ en_time
tr_kova en_barrel
en_pitchfork tr_karışım
tr_kapmak en_catch
tr_mülk en_possession
tr_sokak en_shrimp
tr_topuk en_boot
tr_turp en_plant
tr_birleştirmek en_mix
tr_şef en_executive
en_turkey tr_kuş
en_tissue tr_yemek
tr_barış en_war
tr_düşman en_crocodile
en_sell tr_kabul_etmek
en_sport tr_voleybol
tr_kaymak en_float
tr_çizmek en_create
tr_kucaklamak en_hold
tr_hareket en_motion
tr_jeoloji en_thought
tr_yüzmek en_run
en_cancer tr_hastalık
tr_şirket en_organization
tr_gösterge en_orchid
en_selection tr_süreç
en_mole tr_hayvan
tr_kaldırmak en_move
en_gorilla tr_kuyruksuz_maymun
en_help tr_eklemek
en_war tr_anatomi
tr_oturma en_standing
en_mayonnaise tr_gıda
tr_kuş en_gander
en_loft tr_tavanarası
en_observe tr_durmak
en_snack tr_yemek
tr_ağaç en_forest
tr_dalga en_motion
tr_spor en_volleyball
tr_tavanarası en_house
en_blow tr_yok_etmek
en_olive tr_turşu
en_passage tr_çekirge
tr_çekiç en_cancer
en_wing tr_yarasa
en_picture tr_tablo
en_omelet tr_gıda
tr_isim en_word
tr_kılıç en_sword
en_friend tr_düşman
en_meter tr_birim
en_disperse tr_ayırmak
en_saxophone tr_müzik_aleti
en_understand tr_değerlendirmek
en_cauliflower tr_yiyecek
tr_deri en_material
en_oven tr_cihaz
en_corporal tr_subay
en_producer tr_yapıcı
en_adult tr_çocuk
tr_saklamak en_develop
tr_yüz_hattı en_face
tr_gelin en_wedding
en_technician tr_çalışan
tr_pozisyon en_location
en_breeze tr_rüzgar
en_chair tr_bank
en_stack tr_istif
en_deck tr_gemi
en_note tr_kızlar_birliği
en_wrestling tr_spor
en_soothe tr_teselli_etmek
en_beaver tr_hayvan
tr_kriket en_game
tr_suçlama en_put
tr_ceza en_reward
en_morning tr_gece
en_yolk tr_yumurta
en_aunt tr_gezegen
en_designer tr_yaratıcı
en_toss tr_sinir_etmek
tr_kanser en_disease
tr_matematik en_domain
en_conflict tr_anlaşmazlık
en_father tr_anne
tr_ayak_tırnağı en_toe
en_puberty tr_gençlik
tr_dolandırıcı en_sickness
en_tornado tr_fırtına
en_jaw tr_yüz
en_hobby tr_aktivite
en_skunk tr_hayvan
en_ballerina tr_dansçı
en_instinct tr_bilgi
tr_yüzmek en_sink
en_twelve tr_numara
en_recall tr_hatırlamak
en_sport tr_balta
en_drawing tr_boyama
en_delay tr_göstermek
en_tow tr_söylemek
en_flour tr_düğün
en_flashlight tr_lamba
en_wing tr_kuş
en_avenue tr_sokak
tr_eş en_mate
tr_içgüdü en_knowledge
tr_komutan en_lieutenant
en_build tr_yapmak
en_airplane tr_hava_taşıtı
tr_çıkarma en_mansion
en_salary tr_ücret
tr_eklemek en_calculate
tr_kabak en_vegetable
tr_tavuk en_chicken
tr_yoğurt en_food
en_pause tr_koşmak
en_animal tr_ördek
en_pocketbook tr_cüzdan
en_gun tr_tüfek
en_joy tr_üzüntü
en_instrument tr_gitar
en_feed tr_açlıktan_ölmek
tr_tamirci en_worker
en_square tr_şekil
en_hero tr_kötü_adam
en_instrument tr_tuba
en_biscuit tr_gıda
en_shovel tr_alet
tr_taklit_yapmak en_dunk
tr_iki_tekerlekli_hafif_araba en_vehicle
en_ax tr_araç
en_snake tr_sürüngen
tr_yemin_etmek en_promise
tr_çekmek en_pull
tr_virgül en_punctuation
en_boy tr_adam
tr_sürü en_group
en_pistol tr_tabanca
en_smog tr_kazanım
tr_casus en_agent
tr_satmak en_acknowledge
tr_baba en_fiddle
en_sliver tr_parça
tr_su en_air
tr_çakıl en_stone
en_graph tr_çizelge
en_pull tr_çekiştirmek
tr_öğrenmek en_develop
tr_almak en_recruit
tr_çağrışım en_clue
tr_bölge en_partner
en_goose tr_hindi
tr_kızlar_birliği en_organization
tr_konak en_home
en_feature tr_yüz
tr_kalp en_intellect
tr_güncellemek en_inform
tr_eklem en_elbow
tr_göğüs en_body
tr_su en_substance
en_cavity tr_sıçan
en_crew tr_grup
en_bulletin tr_haberler
tr_karnıbahar en_broccoli
en_hammer tr_alet
tr_zeka en_knowledge
en_heel tr_uyluk
en_duty tr_hizmet
en_freckle tr_leke
en_separate tr_bölmek
tr_çizim en_painting
en_pull tr_itmek
en_transplant tr_hareket_etmek
en_murderer tr_katil
tr_konu en_theme
en_go tr_bırakmak
tr_arzu_etmek en_separate
en_day tr_hafta
en_sit tr_ayakta_durmak
tr_çıkarmak en_multiply
en_add tr_çıkarmak
tr_gelin en_gathering
en_mammal tr_fil
en_erode tr_kızdırmak
en_suppose tr_düşünmek
tr_şelale en_river
tr_yunus en_oxygen
tr_kutu en_box
tr_fok en_animal
tr_anlaşmazlık en_conflict
en_mongoose tr_hayvan
tr_öğle_yemeği en_violin
tr_koro en_group
tr_kıtık en_tell
tr_önermek en_say
tr_bisiklet en_vehicle
tr_cerrah en_doctor
tr_karanlık en_flannel
en_senate tr_kongre
tr_mobilya en_chair
en_car tr_limuzin
en_orchid tr_çiçek
tr_meşe en_pine
tr_metre en_unit
tr_suç en_innocence
tr_bulyon en_food
tr_karides en_seafood
tr_skalpel en_instrument
en_ivy tr_bitki
en_mammal tr_hayvan
tr_saman_yığını en_pile
en_ruby tr_mücevher
en_chemistry tr_bıçak
tr_avutmak en_comfort
en_queen tr_duş
tr_ikilem en_confusion
tr_toplamak en_spin
tr_kaymak en_move
en_chicken tr_gıda
en_weapon tr_tabanca
en_lizard tr_hayvan
en_homework tr_görev
en_pitchfork tr_araç
tr_mikrodalga en_appliance
en_publisher tr_kişi
en_punch tr_vurmak
tr_hizmetçi en_servant
tr_duvar en_barrier
en_legislature tr_lejyon
en_explain tr_ifade_etmek
tr_kanat en_skin
en_calculator tr_bilgisayar
en_dagger tr_silah
tr_kader en_sailor
tr_bütünlük en_worker
en_choir tr_grup
en_cabbage tr_yiyecek
en_noun tr_sözcük
tr_yatak en_bedroom
en_saturn tr_venüs
tr_oğul en_daughter
en_competence tr_kabiliyet
en_head tr_toplu_iğne
en_stone tr_kaya
en_mud tr_kir
tr_izlenim en_avenue
en_pedal tr_bisiklet
tr_spor en_ax
en_promise tr_tırmanmak
tr_bileşen en_element
en_earring tr_takı
tr_birleştirmek en_divide
tr_buz_çözme en_thaw
en_safety tr_tehlike
tr_sıfır en_number
en_arithmetic tr_matematik
tr_hayır en_kindness
en_front tr_arka
en_lunch tr_kahvaltı
en_hockey tr_spor
tr_insan en_animal
en_shelf tr_kabine
tr_tatil en_holiday
en_selection tr_tercih
en_nucleus tr_atom
en_curve tr_batıl_inanç
en_brain tr_hareket
en_unite tr_bölmek
tr_yarışma en_calculator
en_tenor tr_şarkıcı
en_wife tr_sanat
tr_dana_eti en_meat
en_scramble tr_karıştırmak
tr_yulaf en_cereal
tr_yokluk en_medicine
en_sardine tr_gıda
en_fire tr_su
en_star tr_galaksi
en_grape tr_uç
en_package tr_kutu
en_blast tr_patlama
en_dagger tr_bıçak
en_dolphin tr_oksijen
en_obstacle tr_mani
tr_papa en_leader
tr_muz en_fruit
tr_klavye en_arm
en_renounce tr_değiştirmek
tr_kuru_üzüm en_fruit
tr_banço en_instrument
tr_yetişkin en_child
tr_tırnak en_finger
tr_askı en_bra
tr_raketbol en_sport
en_exercise tr_aktivite
en_console tr_teselli_etmek
tr_erik en_pear
tr_toprak en_shower
tr_protein en_milk
tr_su en_ice
en_egg tr_mimari
tr_yüzük en_jewelry
tr_güney en_direction
tr_kaz en_turkey
en_lamb tr_hayvan
tr_yılan en_animal
en_almond tr_fıstık
tr_ara_sokak en_road
tr_biyoloji en_science
tr_gecelik en_underwear
tr_çekirdek en_cell
en_number tr_sekiz
tr_tuvalet en_alligator
tr_bölme en_fairytale
en_limousine tr_araba
en_wealth tr_yoksulluk
en_boulder tr_kaya
tr_reddetmek en_accept
en_tip tr_kalem
en_louse tr_böcek
tr_çerçeve en_window
tr_duygu en_feeling
en_virtue tr_manzara
en_mistake tr_hata
tr_hazine en_possession
tr_kiraz en_grape
en_commercial tr_i̇lan
tr_yatak_odası en_home
en_niece tr_oğul
tr_böbrek en_organ
tr_evlilik en_needle
en_swallow tr_satmak
en_movement tr_aktivite
tr_inşa_etmek en_create
tr_üzüntü en_father
tr_yutmak en_sell
en_snail tr_hayvan
tr_bilim en_geology
en_keep tr_vermek
tr_çiçek en_bloom
tr_sabun en_cleaner
en_daughter tr_kadın
tr_tünel en_passage
en_shape tr_üçgen
en_tree tr_orman
en_scalpel tr_alet
en_runner tr_atlet
en_robin tr_kuş
tr_sallamak en_move
tr_yükselmek en_fall
tr_jet en_plane
en_message tr_not
tr_işçi en_employer
en_bang tr_gürültü
tr_nacak en_ax
en_goo tr_pislik
tr_tornavida en_tool
tr_dokuz en_number
en_pickle tr_yiyecek
en_navigator tr_denizci
tr_tepki en_question
tr_polis en_officer
tr_vazgeçmek en_shake
tr_asya en_africa
en_ruler tr_diktatör
tr_siğil en_mole
en_fluid tr_tuş_takımı
en_protein tr_süt
en_product tr_liman
tr_hançer en_knife
tr_söz_vermek en_climb
tr_zarf en_noun
en_porch tr_ev
tr_burbon en_alcohol
en_county tr_ülke
tr_keşfetmek en_find
tr_kamyon en_vehicle
tr_protein en_meat
en_wing tr_melek
en_avenue tr_yol
en_eagle tr_kuş
tr_silah en_gun
en_detergent tr_temizleyici
en_service tr_hata
tr_ev_ödevi en_assignment
tr_su en_puddle
en_look tr_germek
tr_ayak en_plant
en_pudding tr_tatlı
en_goose tr_hayvan
tr_akşam_yemegi en_drawer
en_king tr_hükümdar
tr_bavul en_luggage
tr_tahliye_ettirmek en_move
en_alcohol tr_madde
tr_elmas en_pearl
tr_tabak en_spoon
tr_baş_ağrısı en_pain
tr_tedavi en_therapy
tr_tanrı en_being
tr_öğretmek en_inform
en_buggy tr_araç
tr_krater en_volcano
en_doll tr_oyuncak
en_student tr_talebe
tr_çırpmak en_mix
tr_taslak en_drawing
tr_kasa en_summit
en_monkey tr_hayvan
en_tongue tr_boğaz
en_flame tr_zevk
tr_kuş_tüyü en_bird
tr_baba en_mother
tr_rehin en_captive
tr_şarkıcı en_evidence
en_leg tr_sandalye
en_eye tr_yüz
tr_güvercin en_bird
en_chimney tr_kuğu
en_laugh tr_ağlamak
en_chairperson tr_önder
en_hamburger tr_yiyecek
en_ceremony tr_bıçak
en_mechanic tr_çalışan
en_truck tr_araç
tr_vurmak en_run
tr_toplanma en_feast
tr_kılavuz en_book
tr_rimel en_lipstick
en_bone tr_çene
tr_onbaşı en_officer
en_peace tr_ateşkes
en_mother tr_yetişkin
en_plum tr_armut
en_oxygen tr_su
en_smother tr_öldürmek
en_beer tr_sıvı
en_blush tr_bronzlaşmak
en_water tr_akışkan
tr_personel en_school
en_violin tr_enstrüman
en_pinch tr_dokunmak
tr_rahibe en_softball
tr_burun en_face
tr_fırın en_appliance
tr_kokarca en_animal
en_vision tr_algı
en_mom tr_ebeveyn
en_radio tr_araç
tr_hareket en_action
tr_işsizlik en_employment
en_bother tr_sataşmak
tr_sone en_poem
en_anarchy tr_düzensizlik
tr_kamera en_anatomy
en_head tr_ayak
en_grove tr_grup
tr_havuç en_food
tr_damızlık en_bull
tr_el_feneri en_lamp
en_cow tr_hayvan
en_talk tr_iletişim_kurmak
tr_çip en_computer
tr_toprak en_earth
en_assignment tr_görev
en_enemy tr_timsah
en_doe tr_hayvan
en_nitrogen tr_oksijen
en_food tr_turta
en_decay tr_bozulmak
en_amateur tr_mülk
en_finger tr_başparmak
en_canary tr_kuş
tr_tayfa en_gang
tr_test en_exam
en_pike tr_balık
tr_böğürtlen en_fruit
tr_çare en_cause
tr_kabul_etmek en_buy
tr_otostop_yapmak en_call
tr_çam en_tree
en_atmosphere tr_katil
en_group tr_parti
tr_anarşi en_disorder
tr_yakut en_crystal
tr_kral en_queen
en_lunch tr_akşam_yemeği
tr_geçit en_grasshopper
en_jack tr_kart
tr_hikaye en_writing
en_squeeze tr_tutmak
en_swing tr_ayarlamak
en_professor tr_personel
en_handbag tr_kase
tr_düşman en_opponent
tr_balkon en_porch
tr_granit en_stone
en_feather tr_kuş
en_jealousy tr_duygu
en_executive tr_kişi
en_banjo tr_gitar
en_fox tr_hayvan
en_tangerine tr_meyve
tr_dua_etmek en_communicate
en_clerk tr_çalışan
tr_dil en_mouth
en_prison tr_hapis
tr_yakut en_emerald
tr_ağaç en_plant
en_intelligence tr_bilgi
en_south tr_yön
en_tablet tr_hap
tr_mandalina en_fruit
tr_eş en_art
en_raccoon tr_hayvan
tr_tabanca en_weapon
en_sip tr_içmek
tr_hareket en_activity
en_teacher tr_profesyonel
en_speak tr_vurmak
en_child tr_aile
tr_mantar en_fungus
en_grass tr_ilik
en_crocodile tr_hayvan
en_raisin tr_meyve
en_follower tr_lider
tr_düşüş en_descend
tr_memeli en_animal
en_boulevard tr_yol
tr_bakiye en_account
tr_yaratık en_monster
tr_çekmek en_tug
en_freeway tr_yol
tr_tavuk en_food
en_hammer tr_tokmak
en_shark tr_balık
tr_komutan en_leader
en_mission tr_ödev
tr_kahraman en_villain
en_crook tr_hastalık
en_design tr_çizmek
en_cone tr_şekil
tr_konuşma en_communication
tr_kadın_ en_ring
tr_takas_etmek en_change
en_leg tr_kol
tr_kauçuk en_material
tr_satürn en_venus
en_bedroom tr_ev
en_ear tr_çalışan
en_delay tr_acele
en_weight tr_miktar
tr_toplamak en_subtract
en_pan tr_kap
tr_kadın_kahraman en_woman
tr_daktilo en_machine
en_bourbon tr_alkol
en_mosquito tr_bilgelik
tr_kirlilik en_boat
en_back tr_ön
en_toss tr_atmak
tr_ateş en_water
en_bother tr_saymak
en_head tr_ok
tr_satış_elemanı en_person
en_faith tr_din
en_husband tr_yılan
en_pronoun tr_sözcük
tr_çimdiklemek en_touch
tr_köprü en_cross
en_restore tr_kırmak
tr_göz_atmak en_look
tr_spor en_activity
tr_goril en_primate
en_dungeon tr_kale
en_chili tr_biber
tr_kadın_garson en_worker
tr_din en_belief
en_wed tr_evlenmek
tr_hatırlamak en_remember
tr_bitki en_turnip
tr_sonbahar en_season
en_cake tr_gıda
en_mouse tr_kemirgen
en_fin tr_balık
tr_mavi en_color
en_sway tr_hareket_etmek
en_pink tr_mor
tr_orak en_tool
en_therapy tr_tedavi
tr_madenci en_worker
tr_görev en_assignment
tr_skalpel en_canary
en_chain tr_bisiklet
en_hypothesis tr_havuz
en_penguin tr_hayvan
en_idol tr_kılıç
tr_roman en_fiction
tr_almak en_keep
tr_tüfek en_gun
tr_meyve_suyu en_milk
en_horn tr_boğa
tr_eklemek en_multiply
tr_fiyat en_value
tr_şahin en_eagle
tr_konuşmak en_address
tr_boynuz en_goat
en_lime tr_meyve
en_way tr_yörünge
tr_çare en_remedy
tr_kâtip en_person
tr_soyguncu en_outlaw
tr_ıspanak en_vegetable
tr_yetkinlik en_war
tr_saman_yığını en_winner
tr_takipçi en_leader
en_task tr_iş
tr_lahana en_vegetable
tr_kanat en_bird
en_grandma tr_büyükbaba_veya_büyükanne
tr_borazan en_instrument
en_calculus tr_marul
tr_sürüklenmek en_move
tr_bulvar en_road
en_tissue tr_köprü
en_alley tr_yol
en_boyfriend tr_kız_arkadaş
tr_kazanan en_loser
tr_genişlik en_height
en_butcher tr_fırıncı
en_tortoise tr_hayvan
tr_timsah en_animal
en_drawer tr_sıra
en_crow tr_kuş
en_position tr_yer
en_haystack tr_istif
tr_piyano en_instrument
tr_pamuk en_material
en_harp tr_enstrüman
tr_vizon en_animal
en_mosquito tr_böcek
tr_profesör en_professional
en_tangerine tr_çekirdek
en_female tr_bilezik
en_integrity tr_çalışan
tr_duyurmak en_say
en_christ tr_isa
en_radish tr_sebze
en_tissue tr_kemik
en_plant tr_turp
tr_yoksulluk en_discipline
tr_zirve en_peak
tr_hap en_medication
en_soil tr_duş
tr_baykuş en_animal
tr_cenaze en_ceremony
tr_sandviç en_food
en_succeed tr_başarısız_olmak
en_star tr_sembol
tr_memeli en_elephant
en_nylon tr_malzeme
tr_kalça en_body
tr_ölüm en_birth
en_cricket tr_oyun
en_scream tr_konuşmak
tr_karşı_taraf en_chorus
tr_temel en_base
tr_biftek en_food
en_olympics tr_etkinlik
tr_bak en_stretch
tr_kavanoz en_container
en_tenor tr_ezik
tr_araç en_car
tr_deniz_tarağı en_seafood
tr_öğle_yemeği en_breakfast
en_highway tr_yol
en_vacation tr_tatil
tr_metal en_society
tr_çekmece en_desk
en_prune tr_meyve
tr_parıldamak en_shine
tr_anlam en_liberty
en_metal tr_toplum
en_orange tr_ağaç
en_gorilla tr_primat
en_chain tr_bandaj
en_foot tr_bitki
tr_korumak en_defend
en_annoy tr_sataşmak
en_forget tr_azaltmak
en_wing tr_cilt
tr_tutmak en_hamper
en_rabbit tr_gıda
en_bet tr_bahis
en_gang tr_grup
en_vault tr_zirve
en_rifle tr_silah
tr_prenses en_fortune
tr_meşale en_light
tr_mezuniyet en_ceremony
en_disguise tr_saklamak
tr_işitme en_sight
tr_üniversite en_school
en_destiny tr_akış
tr_vermek en_take
tr_karaağaç en_oak
en_digger tr_işçi
en_penny tr_bozuk_para
en_diamond tr_inci
tr_bitiş en_end
en_ape tr_memeli
en_cherry tr_üzüm
tr_ayarlamak en_swing
en_skin tr_doku
tr_yeterlilik en_ability
tr_anne en_father
en_oboe tr_müzik_aleti
tr_anlaşma en_bench
tr_daire en_shape
tr_rahatsız_etmek en_tease
en_surgery tr_tatil
en_carpenter tr_çalışan
en_egg tr_süt
en_ear tr_kafa
tr_yanlış* en_error
tr_çalı en_bush
en_grasshopper tr_kriket
tr_şiir en_writing
tr_koca en_snake
en_sell tr_satın_almak
en_mob tr_grup
en_peach tr_armut
tr_göçebe en_person
tr_meşe en_necklace
en_pork tr_et
tr_keşiş en_adversary
en_umbrella tr_buz
en_mix tr_birleştirmek
en_mansion tr_ev
en_sunrise tr_gün_batımı
en_note tr_mesaj
tr_yatıştırmak en_comfort
tr_tornavida en_hammer
en_country tr_bölge
en_bathtub tr_banyo
en_mushroom tr_canavar
tr_yakut en_jewel
en_meatball tr_gıda
en_beer tr_içecek
en_island tr_arazi
en_love tr_duygu
en_impression tr_bulvar
en_rose tr_bitki
tr_hançer en_weapon
tr_egzersiz_yapmak en_work
en_sphere tr_şekil
tr_mil en_inch
tr_tetik en_gun
tr_fikir en_thought
tr_limon en_fruit
tr_marul en_food
en_juice tr_süt
en_history tr_mücevher
tr_lolipop en_candy
tr_trompet en_instrument
en_crook tr_hırsız
en_shell tr_kaplumbağa
tr_taşıt en_motorcycle
en_bit tr_kısım
tr_eşik en_edge
en_dirt tr_pislik
tr_sınıf en_group
en_ruby tr_zümrüt
tr_mini_sınav en_test
en_head tr_kuyruk
tr_yüzücü en_runner
en_boil tr_dondurmak
en_hair tr_memeli
en_save tr_kaza
tr_kızdırmak en_tease
en_blue tr_renk
en_value tr_miktar
tr_heykel en_art
tr_iskarmoz_balığı en_fish
en_dishwasher tr_cihaz
en_crab tr_deniz_ürünleri
tr_kurul en_group
tr_grip en_illness
en_waterfall tr_nehir
en_decompose tr_çürümek
tr_hızlandırmak en_build
en_trigonometry tr_cebir
tr_kahverengi en_green
tr_fikir_ayrılığı en_disagreement
tr_ayırmak en_separate
en_princess tr_talih
en_corpse tr_taht
en_vegetable tr_domates
en_defrost tr_erimek
tr_dirsek en_joint
en_allow tr_iliştirmek
tr_soul en_music
en_pastry tr_gıda
tr_öneri en_idea
tr_şimdiki_zaman en_future
tr_sos en_food
en_stool tr_tuvalet
en_human tr_ansiklopedi
tr_asit en_shell
tr_görme en_sense
en_house tr_yapı
tr_önermek en_tell
tr_gözlemek en_stop
en_vault tr_oda
tr_bezelye en_food
en_balcony tr_veranda
tr_turna_balığı en_fish
tr_erkek_kardeş en_sister
en_refuse tr_inkar_etmek
en_marriage tr_iğne
tr_ev en_structure
tr_karaciğer en_biologist
en_south tr_kuzey
tr_zincir en_bicycle
tr_hafta en_year
tr_çatı_katı en_attic
tr_kivi en_fruit
en_boulevard tr_sokak
tr_jüpiter en_pluto
tr_tehlike en_risk
en_lock tr_kapı
en_cricket tr_spor
tr_toplum en_group
en_rabbit tr_sinagog
tr_enstrüman en_guitar
tr_kaya_parçası en_rock
en_university tr_okul
tr_satmak en_buy
tr_gelmek en_leave
en_prestige tr_statü
tr_bulyon en_broth
en_stethoscope tr_alet
tr_bank en_seat
tr_bilim en_math
tr_dirgen en_mixture
en_cue tr_ipucu
en_restroom tr_timsah
tr_ara_vermek en_break
tr_eş en_partner
tr_tablet en_pill
en_cape tr_pelerin
tr_insan en_encyclopedia
tr_kelime_hazinesi en_language
en_divide tr_elde_etmek
tr_duraklatmak en_run
en_migraine tr_baş_ağrısı
tr_timsah en_reptile
en_soda tr_içecek
tr_ons en_measure
tr_tutmak en_keep
en_grape tr_yiyecek
tr_geçit en_turtle
tr_akşam_yemeği en_meal
en_soul tr_müzik
en_seal tr_hayvan
tr_gözlemek en_tan
en_inspect tr_incelemek
tr_lahana_salatası en_food
tr_şelale en_tennis
tr_yasama_organı en_legion
en_take tr_tutmak
en_blaze tr_alev
en_cat tr_memeli
en_squash tr_sebze
tr_el en_arm
en_anteater tr_hayvan
tr_tabanca en_gun
tr_hükmetmek en_control
en_diamond tr_taş
tr_kanarya en_bird
en_shake tr_lavabo
tr_inmek en_create
en_whale tr_memeli
en_mission tr_görev
en_pony tr_at
tr_kelebek en_insect
tr_egzersiz en_activity
en_commander tr_teğmen
en_emperor tr_hükümdar
tr_yemek en_pen
en_bouillon tr_et_suyu
tr_elmas en_gem
tr_sürmek en_walk
tr_çilek en_blueberry
en_point tr_kılıç
en_decline tr_inmek
tr_mimari en_water
tr_operasyon en_spirit
en_hurt tr_üzmek
tr_engel en_impediment
en_beer tr_alkol
en_zipper tr_pantolon
tr_dinozor en_animal
tr_halı en_rug
en_sum tr_toplam
tr_et en_human
en_class tr_grup
tr_hobi en_activity
en_hope tr_umutsuzluk
tr_izin_vermemek en_smear
en_cactus tr_bitki
tr_eğitmek en_teach
en_twelve tr_çok_sayı
tr_öğle_yemeği en_supper
en_husband tr_eş
tr_çarpmak en_grind
tr_varsaymak en_judge
tr_rotacı en_sailor
tr_radyo en_medium
en_machine tr_baharat
en_oak tr_kolye
en_shovel tr_kova
tr_grip en_sickness
en_idea tr_öneri
en_gin tr_likör
tr_fil en_lecture
en_leak tr_delik
tr_ekmek en_food
en_bog tr_çökelge
en_camel tr_hayvan
tr_karıştırmak en_integrate
tr_mücevher en_ring
en_stream tr_oksijen
en_ponder tr_düşünmek
en_killer tr_katil
en_glow tr_parlamak
en_snatch tr_almak
en_competition tr_hesap_makinesi
tr_ebeveyn en_ancestor
tr_pis_kokmak en_dismiss
en_silver tr_metal
tr_et_suyu en_food
en_story tr_yazı
en_blackberry tr_gıda
en_headache tr_ağrı
tr_serpmek en_pour
tr_mırıldanmak en_whistle
tr_un en_bread
en_principle tr_fikir
en_bouillon tr_gıda
en_amateur tr_cennet
tr_kızdırmak en_spend
tr_hizmet en_mistake
en_anatomy tr_bilim
en_joint tr_dirsek
tr_maymun en_primate
tr_güreş en_sport
en_minority tr_tuvalet
en_poverty tr_disiplin
tr_kask en_pocket
tr_dırdır_etmek en_complain
tr_ağız en_face
en_gander tr_biyoloji
tr_cin en_liquor
en_broth tr_gıda
en_phone tr_cihaz
tr_sonuç en_beginning
tr_kış en_summer
tr_kuzey en_direction
en_miner tr_işçi
tr_kız en_woman
en_dungeon tr_hücre
en_autumn tr_mevsim
tr_çamur en_religion
en_rubber tr_malzeme
tr_uç en_sword
tr_makine en_computer
tr_akış en_oxygen
tr_pişmanlık en_remorse
en_singer tr_kanıt
tr_boğmak en_kill
tr_durmak en_begin
en_boy tr_çocuk
en_basketball tr_spor
tr_çift en_pair
en_place tr_alan
en_pane tr_pencere
en_water tr_hava
en_film tr_güneş
en_hen tr_tavuk
en_letter tr_imza
tr_maymun en_humor
tr_yudumlamak en_swallow
en_container tr_şişe
tr_kabak en_meaning
tr_fırlatmak en_throw
tr_kral en_monarch
tr_akçaağaç en_tree
en_triangle tr_şekil
tr_azot en_element
tr_ödünç_almak en_bother
en_soda tr_sıvı
en_mattress tr_ilave
tr_kir en_grime
en_softball tr_futbol
tr_kek en_food
en_weed tr_bitki
en_mouth tr_yüz
tr_kazanmak en_get
en_radish tr_havuç
en_rape tr_suç
en_fault tr_hata
en_twilight tr_akşam_karanlığı
tr_gümüş en_metal
tr_kaz en_biology
tr_yer en_ground
tr_görme en_perception
en_macaroni tr_yiyecek
tr_opossum en_animal
en_helmet tr_cep
en_amount tr_miktar
tr_arzu_etmek en_attack
tr_ilaç en_treatment
tr_kereviz en_vegetable
en_gauge tr_ölçü
tr_ördek en_animal
en_ruby tr_kristal
tr_mantar en_monster
tr_kapı en_entrance
tr_atıcı en_catcher
en_bucket tr_varil
tr_ev_ödevi en_instruction
en_magazine tr_yayın
tr_anne en_female
en_punishment tr_ödül
en_coffee tr_süt
en_organization tr_kuruluş
en_breast tr_hindi
en_swear tr_söz_vermek
en_evict tr_hareket_etmek
tr_atom en_mythology
tr_ceket en_fireplace
tr_ısrar_etmek en_suggest
en_picture tr_görüntü
tr_oyuncak_bebek en_toy
en_corpse tr_vücut
en_couch tr_kanepe
en_rim tr_tekerlek
tr_kabul_etmek en_ignore
en_hatchet tr_araç
tr_çekiştirmek en_pull
tr_meyve en_cherry
en_shift tr_değiştirmek
en_trigger tr_tabanca
tr_kabul_etmek en_allow
en_protect tr_savunmak
en_witch tr_kadın
en_expert tr_profesyonel
en_desert tr_vaha
tr_limuzin en_migraine
tr_pedal en_bike
en_commander tr_lider
en_jazz tr_müzik
tr_kişi en_cashier
tr_üzüm en_food
tr_izin_vermek en_attach
tr_zincir en_bucket
en_six tr_numara
tr_ürün en_harbor
en_mussel tr_deniz_ürünleri
en_balance tr_hesap
tr_güverte en_ship
tr_kereviz en_food
en_crater tr_volkan
tr_patates en_tomato
tr_pus en_fog
en_hit tr_koşmak
tr_eşekarısı en_wasp
tr_trombon en_instrument
en_share tr_stok
en_pardon tr_ikna_etmek
en_crib tr_tedavi
en_wait tr_kaçırmamak
tr_yanıt en_answer
tr_su en_fluid
en_carpet tr_kilim
en_descend tr_yaratmak
tr_akşam_yemeği en_dinosaur
tr_küvet en_bathroom
tr_fermuar en_pants
en_tow tr_hareket_etmek
en_son tr_çocuk
en_shrub tr_çalı
tr_gökdelen en_meeting
en_shrub tr_bitki
tr_yumurta en_architecture
en_winter tr_yaz
en_cavern tr_mağara
en_stair tr_merdiven
tr_plüton en_planet
tr_çöl en_oasis
tr_uçak en_cannon
tr_doku en_bridge
tr_konser en_event
tr_kordon en_line
en_rifle tr_tabanca
tr_erkek_arkadaş en_girlfriend
en_gravy tr_sos
en_kiwi tr_meyve
en_cabbage tr_sebze
tr_süt en_liquid
en_book tr_atlas
tr_başarmak en_fail
en_nag tr_şikayet_etmek
en_opinion tr_düşünce
tr_numara en_eight
tr_panzehir en_cure
tr_gezi en_journey
tr_kızarmak en_clarify
en_biology tr_bilim
tr_yatak en_addition
tr_sis en_cloud
tr_başkan en_leader
tr_salyangoz en_animal
en_airplane tr_top
tr_hayvan en_reptile
tr_gökada en_universe
en_religion tr_inanç
en_owl tr_hayvan
en_seagull tr_kuş
en_soap tr_temizleyici
tr_lokanta en_restaurant
en_adverb tr_isim
tr_kulak en_head
tr_fil en_mammal
tr_kanat en_angel
en_astronomy tr_bilim
tr_gövde en_tree
en_butter tr_krema
en_ham tr_yiyecek
tr_köy en_country
en_fail tr_işletmek
tr_pişmanlık en_sorrow
en_biscuit tr_narenciye
tr_ayin en_custom
en_meter tr_ölçü
tr_şeftali en_pear
en_home tr_yer
tr_şarap en_grape
tr_mısır en_food
tr_kazanç en_burst
en_meaning tr_özgürlük
tr_iskambil en_game
en_essay tr_paragraf
en_stoplight tr_işaret
en_furniture tr_sandalye
en_drift tr_hareket_etmek
tr_liderlik en_ability
en_king tr_kraliçe
tr_dil en_throat
tr_tabure en_beginning
en_elimination tr_süreç
en_outside tr_içeri
tr_karavan en_vehicle
en_sob tr_ağlamak
en_purse tr_garson
tr_dönem en_hour
tr_kürek en_pail
en_guitar tr_müzik_aleti
en_come tr_ayrılmak
en_alto tr_tenor
tr_gazete en_officer
tr_kavramak en_hold
en_farmer tr_çalışan
en_palace tr_ev
en_accelerate tr_inşa_etmek
en_foe tr_düşman
en_swim tr_koşmak
en_headache tr_semptom
en_appliance tr_fırın
en_trunk tr_fil
en_monk tr_hasım
tr_ayırmak en_attach
en_shoulder tr_dirsek
en_nightmare tr_rüya
en_concert tr_etkinlik
en_wrist tr_kol
tr_iletişim en_conversation
tr_bacak en_thigh
en_bug tr_böcek
tr_çocuk en_family
tr_dolandırıcı en_burglar
tr_basamak en_ladder
tr_sıçan en_animal
tr_çürümek en_decay
tr_gemi en_vehicle
tr_grafik en_chart
tr_ok en_wound
en_horse tr_memeli
en_deny tr_reddetmek
en_cabin tr_ev
tr_sıkmak en_hold
en_spinach tr_sebze
tr_malzeme en_rubber
en_jigsaw tr_alet
en_clam tr_deniz_mahsulü
en_north tr_güney
tr_patates en_vegetable
tr_zincir en_link
tr_mühür en_kite
tr_ölçü en_sidewalk
en_conclusion tr_başlangıç
tr_primat en_animal
en_saxophone tr_tedavi
en_rabbit tr_hayvan
tr_kurabiye en_food
en_strawberry tr_yaban_mersini
en_detach tr_iliştirmek
en_medication tr_tedavi
en_painting tr_sanat
en_run tr_atlamak
en_motion tr_aksiyon
tr_ressam en_artist
en_squash tr_anlam
tr_kız_kardeş en_sorority
tr_sakal en_goat
tr_hokey en_sport
en_repentance tr_vicdan_azabı
en_poem tr_yazı
en_giggle tr_gülmek
en_blackberry tr_meyve
en_calculus tr_trigonometri
en_ball tr_oyun
tr_puan en_score
tr_baş_ağrısı en_symptom
en_neck tr_akış
en_compute tr_hesaplamak
en_wag tr_hareket
en_pope tr_önder
en_bridge tr_karşı
en_meaning tr_saçmalık
en_saucer tr_tabak
en_club tr_grup
en_circle tr_şekil
tr_kurt en_animal
en_appliance tr_omurga
en_accept tr_izin_vermek
tr_oturmak en_stand
tr_protein en_egg
en_scalpel tr_kanarya
en_happening tr_keten
en_person tr_dağcı
tr_gaz en_car
en_guilt tr_duygu
en_theft tr_ilave
en_geology tr_düşünce
en_automobile tr_araç
en_agreement tr_bank
en_rent tr_ödeme
tr_karaciğer en_heart
en_pat tr_dokunma
tr_öğrenci en_pupil
tr_yatar_koltuk en_furniture
tr_konuşmak en_communicate
tr_kabul_etmek en_deny
tr_fasulye en_food
en_cop tr_memur
tr_kafa en_foot
en_pie tr_yiyecek
en_sorrow tr_sevinç
tr_tavır en_style
tr_ayin en_event
en_inch tr_ölçü
en_glance tr_bakmak
en_uncle tr_teyze
en_bandanna tr_kumaş
en_collect tr_çevirmek
en_pluto tr_gezegen
tr_kürek en_tool
en_screwdriver tr_alet
en_embrace tr_tutmak
tr_bina en_cathedral
en_person tr_kasiyer
tr_cadı en_woman
en_assume tr_yargılamak
en_alligator tr_sürüngen
en_point tr_skor
en_hamburger tr_kuş
en_learn tr_geliştirmek
en_slime tr_yapışkan_madde
tr_bölmek en_obtain
en_clove tr_bitki
en_move tr_kalmak
tr_alet en_screwdriver
en_igloo tr_baraka
tr_cüzdan en_briefcase
tr_barış en_truce
en_flute tr_müzik_aleti
en_violin tr_çello
tr_akım en_line
en_magnify tr_artırmak
tr_yol en_avenue
en_arrow tr_yara
en_material tr_naylon
tr_sokak en_boulevard
en_missile tr_roket
tr_bitki en_animal
en_turnip tr_bitki
en_chain tr_kova
en_blame tr_içmek
en_sapphire tr_taş
tr_engellemek en_hold
en_nephew tr_kız_yeğen
tr_yatak en_furniture
tr_kız_evlat en_female
tr_görev en_obligation
tr_yasaklamak en_disallow
en_tease tr_yapmak
en_foot tr_bacak
tr_çekiç en_pound
en_antidote tr_ilaç
tr_cihaz en_spine
en_bicycle tr_araç
tr_motosiklet en_vehicle
en_wall tr_oda
tr_bülten en_news
en_girl tr_oğlan
tr_zincir en_bandage
en_nightgown tr_iç_çamaşırı
en_diamond tr_kristal
en_milk tr_sıvı
en_heroine tr_kadın
en_drawer tr_sandık
tr_hükümdar en_emperor
tr_empati en_feeling
tr_saksofon en_instrument
en_car tr_araç
en_nomad tr_kişi
en_rum tr_alkol
tr_astronomi en_science
en_cathedral tr_hasar
tr_değerlendirmek en_reflect
en_set tr_fırlatmak
en_education tr_imparatorluk
en_throw tr_atmak
tr_onarmak en_break
tr_caz en_music
en_parsley tr_gıda
tr_bağırsak en_liver
tr_kaş en_face
tr_rakun en_animal
en_thesaurus tr_kitap
tr_sarmaşık en_plant
en_celery tr_yiyecek
en_recommend tr_söylemek
tr_büyükanne en_grandparent
tr_dergi en_publication
tr_kıkırdamak en_laugh
en_build tr_mola
tr_karga en_bird
tr_mal_sahibi en_person
tr_sahne en_platform
tr_iş en_activity
en_gas tr_araba
tr_ödev en_task
tr_raf en_cabinet
tr_kış en_season
tr_azı_dişi en_duty
tr_pay en_quantity
tr_goril en_ape
tr_çember en_line
en_bread tr_futbol
en_trail tr_takip_etmek
en_lettuce tr_yiyecek
en_rummy tr_oyun
en_architecture tr_su
en_funeral tr_tören
tr_katedral en_injury
en_hydrogen tr_helyum
en_tongue tr_ağız
en_add tr_çarpmak
en_monument tr_anıt
tr_hindi en_meat
tr_grup en_party
en_man tr_kadın
tr_tilki en_animal
tr_stetoskop en_instrument
en_ritual tr_gelenek_görenek
tr_turşu en_food
en_symptom tr_hastalık
en_flip tr_savunmak
tr_anne en_woman
en_plate tr_kaşık
tr_sıkı_tutmak en_crunch
en_zero tr_numara
tr_ülke en_region
tr_bilek en_arm
tr_zeytin en_pickle
tr_parmak en_thumb
en_mistake tr_cetvel
en_path tr_leopar
en_mark tr_simge
en_union tr_grup
tr_silmek en_catch
en_give tr_almak
en_prince tr_kaptan
tr_oksijen en_water
tr_geometri en_math
en_beverage tr_bira
en_rib tr_hayvan
en_leg tr_uyluk
tr_misyon en_duty
tr_gecikmek en_show
en_hammer tr_kanser
tr_not en_sorority
en_trout tr_balık
tr_hata en_ruler
en_staff tr_okul
tr_kaşık en_fork
en_robber tr_karanlık
tr_jant en_wheel
tr_sancak en_toilet
en_kangaroo tr_hayvan
en_beg tr_yudum_yudum_içmek
en_mist tr_bulut
en_lingerie tr_iç_çamaşırı
en_leg tr_kollar_ve_bacaklar
tr_kasırga en_tornado
en_door tr_giriş
en_volleyball tr_spor
en_wasp tr_bal_arısı
tr_kafiye en_dinner
tr_paket en_box
tr_çimen en_marrow
tr_koltuk en_sofa
en_wipe tr_tutmak
en_bat tr_hayvan
en_knife tr_hançer
tr_içecek en_beer
en_cherry tr_meyve
tr_et_sosu en_sauce
en_stream tr_hat
en_otter tr_hayvan
tr_ceset en_throne
tr_firavun_faresi en_animal
en_green tr_mavi
tr_atmak en_pause
en_sorority tr_organizasyon
en_galosh tr_lastik
en_potato tr_domates
en_ascend tr_ayrılmak
tr_içki en_alcohol
tr_ara_vermek en_explain
tr_çare en_treatment
en_presume tr_düşünmek
tr_çanta en_waiter
tr_fıstık en_cashew
tr_penguen en_animal
tr_düşünce_paylaşmak en_slay
tr_reddetmek en_crush
en_beverage tr_soda
tr_kiraz en_fruit
tr_başarısız_olmak en_operate
tr_top en_game
en_wallet tr_evrak_çantası
en_chest tr_vücut
tr_soda en_liquid
en_street tr_karides
tr_çete en_group
tr_kare en_shape
tr_matara en_bottle
tr_çıkmak en_climb
en_sunset tr_gün_doğumu
tr_veri en_information
en_hide tr_geliştirmek
en_flour tr_ekmek
en_rainbow tr_gökyüzü
en_toll tr_ücret
en_trunk tr_vaha
en_sonnet tr_şiir
en_rise tr_alçalmak
tr_dört en_two
en_medication tr_ilaç
en_worker tr_çiftçi
en_onion tr_gıda
tr_üretici en_maker
en_girl tr_kadın
en_flea tr_böcek
tr_obua en_instrument
en_discover tr_bulmak
en_moth tr_kelebek
tr_beyzbol en_football
tr_basketbol en_activity
tr_kuğu en_trip
en_caffeine tr_çay
tr_makarna en_food
tr_iddia en_wager
en_mushroom tr_gıda
en_torch tr_ışık
en_vocabulary tr_dil
en_animal tr_kuzu
tr_karanlık en_light
tr_karıncayiyen en_animal
tr_istismar_etmek en_mistreat
tr_yüzgeç en_fish
tr_teknisyen en_worker
tr_sanatçı en_creator
en_lemon tr_narenciye
tr_at en_team
en_performance tr_oturma_yeri
en_width tr_yükseklik
tr_tablo en_art
en_lieutenant tr_cesaret
tr_hamburger en_food
en_break tr_çatlatmak
en_skin tr_saç
en_hamburger tr_sandviç
tr_portakal en_tree
tr_bandana en_cloth
tr_resim en_image
tr_ayırmak en_divide
tr_nakletmek en_move
tr_iz_sürmek en_follow
en_medicine tr_hap
en_instrument tr_piyano
