sq_rrogë hr_plaća
sq_makineri hr_računalo
sq_karotë hr_hrana
hr_karfiol sq_brokoli
sq_procedurë hr_operacija
sq_kreshtë hr_vrh
sq_migrenë hr_bol
sq_pranga hr_rukav
sq_mëlçi hr_organ
hr_kaljača sq_gomë
hr_peta sq_kofshë
sq_darkë hr_hrana
sq_përplasem hr_udarac
hr_potok sq_oksigjen
hr_koža sq_material
hr_brak sq_ritual
sq_shtrat hr_namještaj
hr_miš sq_brejtës
hr_krumpir sq_perim
sq_kuletë hr_zdjela
sq_mashtrim hr_obmana
sq_rimorkoj hr_vući
sq_ndodhi hr_posteljina
hr_napredovati sq_marr
sq_përplas hr_zdrobiti
hr_trešnja sq_pemë
sq_kafshë hr_spremnik
sq_lepur hr_zec
sq_provë hr_ispit
hr_psihologija sq_shkencë
hr_poniziti sq_lëndoj
hr_poezija sq_prozë
hr_aligator sq_zvarranik
hr_posao sq_aktivitet
hr_limuzina sq_automjet
hr_flauta sq_instrument
hr_pjesnik sq_person
hr_šaptati sq_flas
hr_liječnik sq_kirurg
hr_morski_pas sq_peshk
sq_flas hr_osloviti
sq_shpik hr_napraviti
sq_saksofon hr_instrument
hr_gomila sq_mullar_bari
sq_shpatë hr_oružje
sq_gjitar hr_životinja
hr_smišljati sq_plan
hr_greda sq_strukturë_mbajtëse
hr_policajac sq_ligj
hr_tlo sq_dush
sq_shfaq hr_ujediniti
hr_omlet sq_ushqim
hr_patka sq_zog
sq_pendë hr_riba
hr_odabir sq_zgjedhje
hr_zgrabiti sq_prek
sq_sugjeroj hr_reći
sq_bashkoj hr_vjenčati
sq_drekë hr_doručak
hr_gljiva sq_ushqim
sq_pranoj hr_dopustiti
hr_priznati sq_blej
sq_godit hr_trčati
sq_softboll hr_nogomet
sq_formë hr_sfera
sq_mungesë hr_medicina
sq_largpamësi hr_mudrost
hr_odbojka sq_sport
sq_synoj hr_usmjeriti
hr_lijek sq_shkak
hr_labud sq_udhëtim
sq_e_tashme hr_budućnost
hr_računati sq_vlerësoj
sq_copëz hr_komad
sq_arkitekturë hr_voda
sq_nisem hr_stići
sq_sëmundje hr_zdravlje
sq_e_dhënë hr_dokaz
sq_fshij hr_uloviti
hr_školjka sq_ushqim_deti
hr_sila sq_gravitet
sq_bojë_dhjami hr_marker
sq_mbret hr_vladar
hr_držati sq_përqafoj
hr_plavo sq_ngjyrë
hr_hrana sq_byrek
hr_piće sq_xhin
hr_pero sq_flotë
sq_zero hr_broj
sq_këpurdhë hr_ljubaznost
sq_tostier hr_uređaj
hr_losos sq_peshk
hr_sigurnost sq_rrezik
sq_kafshë hr_slon
hr_staklenka sq_enë
sq_makarona hr_salata
hr_mozak sq_lëvizje
sq_bisturi hr_alat
sq_emër hr_pridjev
sq_sport hr_sjekira
sq_azot hr_vodik
sq_kockë hr_čeljust
hr_bjelančevina sq_qumësht
sq_ozon hr_atmosfera
hr_smokva sq_ushqim
sq_fik hr_datum
sq_komunikim hr_jezik
sq_burrë hr_supružnik
hr_prepreka sq_mur
sq_qyp hr_boca
hr_svinjetina sq_derr_i_tredhur
hr_sumrak sq_pasuri
hr_palača sq_shtëpi
sq_kyç hr_vrata
hr_pećnica sq_pajisje
hr_bradavica sq_nishan
sq_këndoj hr_izvoditi
hr_zrakoplov sq_avion
hr_vijak sq_gozhdë
sq_operacion hr_duh
sq_alpinist hr_osoba
sq_njeri hr_žena
hr_trag sq_provë
sq_karakter hr_osoba
hr_ubiti sq_mbys
sq_majë hr_igla
sq_pendë hr_ptica
hr_značenje sq_liri
hr_sef sq_bankë
sq_supozoj hr_razmišljati
sq_rrjedh hr_plutati
sq_gojë hr_svemir
sq_mbaj hr_dati
sq_qira hr_uplata
sq_vdekje hr_rođenje
sq_buburrec hr_insekt
sq_motor hr_vlak
hr_tuljan sq_balonë
hr_junak sq_shejtan
sq_adresoj hr_stajati
hr_obilje sq_pamjaftueshmëri
sq_vajzë hr_osoba
sq_gjarpër hr_gmaz
hr_trošarina sq_taksë
hr_jaje sq_arkitekturë
sq_pasuri hr_siromaštvo
sq_papunësi hr_zaposlenost
sq_argumentoj hr_racionalizirati
sq_shkrim hr_priča
sq_errësirë hr_flanel
sq_pajisje hr_hladnjak
hr_tehnika sq_njohuri
sq_detyrë hr_zadatak
hr_odvojiti sq_bashkangjit
hr_rak sq_sëmundje
hr_završetak sq_fund
hr_pik sq_kartë
sq_nëpunës hr_radnik
hr_prevara sq_mashtrim
sq_dominoj hr_kontrolirati
hr_raspadati_se sq_prish
sq_ruaj hr_zadržati
sq_krishti hr_isus
sq_murator hr_radnik
sq_bejsboll hr_sport
hr_pogreška sq_gabim
sq_motër hr_sestrinstvo
hr_mikroskop sq_teleskop
hr_sjekira sq_vegël
sq_fitim hr_gubitak
sq_gjitar hr_pas
hr_školjka sq_ushqim
sq_perandori hr_država
sq_këpurdhë hr_čudovište
hr_plast sq_grumbull
sq_hare hr_tuga
sq_dëmtim hr_šteta
hr_amater sq_parajsë
hr_ugovor sq_marrëveshje
hr_kestenjasta sq_ngjyrë
hr_dušik sq_hidrogjen
sq_marr hr_oteti
hr_dama sq_kala
hr_morž sq_gjitar
sq_bulon hr_brava
sq_lidhëse hr_cipela
sq_përzgjedhje hr_izbor
sq_delfin hr_kisik
hr_progutati sq_gëlltis
hr_analizirati sq_shpërdoroj
sq_nëpunës hr_račun
sq_përfitoj hr_prasnuti
hr_enciklopedija sq_libër
sq_mëndafsh hr_saten
sq_proteinë hr_jaje
hr_brat sq_motër
hr_bilješka sq_mesazh
sq_skuadër hr_skupina
sq_semestër hr_sat
sq_zhurmë hr_buka
hr_četiri sq_dy
hr_umjetnost sq_skulpturë
sq_lule hr_cvat
sq_ngjitem hr_napustiti
hr_klavir sq_instrument
sq_katastrofë hr_tragedija
hr_prihvatiti sq_përtyp
hr_dobiti sq_marr
hr_citrus sq_pemë
sq_lëvizje hr_kretanje
sq_mysafir hr_osoba
hr_odmor sq_festë
sq_mbledh hr_dobiti
hr_neprijatelj sq_mik
hr_lisičine sq_mëngë
hr_bijeda sq_pikëllim
hr_mješavina sq_shumëllojshmëri
hr_lava sq_shkëmb
hr_slika sq_imazh
sq_gisht_i_madh hr_prst
hr_lipa sq_monedhë
hr_intelekt sq_njohuri
hr_šljiva sq_dardhë
sq_rrugë hr_škamp
hr_pijesak sq_plazh
hr_uređaj sq_larës
sq_dobësi hr_snaga
sq_arratisem hr_trčati
sq_maç hr_karta
sq_virtyt hr_pejzaž
hr_zabraniti sq_nuk_lejoj
sq_kërkoj hr_tražiti
sq_makarona hr_hrana
sq_bukë hr_hrana
sq_lis hr_bor
sq_krem_karamel hr_hrana
sq_elektrik_ hr_agencija
hr_pijetao sq_pulë
sq_manaferrë hr_hrana
hr_pretpostaviti sq_marr_me_mend
sq_statujë hr_umjetnost
hr_znanje sq_largpamësi
hr_bujon sq_supë
sq_revolver hr_pištolj
hr_prasak sq_zhurmë
hr_zadovoljstvo sq_dhimbje
hr_rukovoditelj sq_shef
sq_katror hr_oblik
hr_gajde sq_organ
hr_posuditi sq_mërzis
sq_vjedhje hr_dodatak
hr_vrhunac sq_majë
hr_dužnost sq_shërbim
hr_gorila sq_majmun
sq_pikturë hr_imidž
hr_naslov sq_teknikë
hr_makaroni sq_ushqim
sq_person hr_čitatelj
sq_sport hr_aktivnost
sq_ind hr_kost
hr_zidar sq_punëtor
hr_ujediniti sq_përçaj
hr_srž sq_kockë
sq_paradë hr_marš
sq_stafi hr_škola
sq_jelek hr_džemper
sq_armë hr_mač
hr_toksin sq_helm
sq_ulem hr_leći
hr_sudbina sq_veshje
sq_lojë hr_šah
sq_fjalor hr_govor
sq_drenushë hr_životinja
sq_ngjyrë_gështenjë hr_boja
sq_profesionist hr_stručnjak
sq_zonjë hr_dvorac
sq_lumi hr_gospodar
sq_këmbë hr_ruka
hr_voda sq_ajër
sq_hap hr_stubište
sq_instrument hr_skalpel
sq_i_burgosur hr_zarobljenik
sq_kovë hr_bačva
hr_pobjednik sq_humbës
hr_kunjati sq_marr_një_sy_gjumë
hr_ujediniti sq_bashkoj
hr_životinja sq_rosë
sq_glob hr_sfera
sq_emër hr_riječ
hr_utrka sq_konkurs
hr_pročelje sq_i_pasëm
hr_oduzeti sq_shumëzoj
sq_mëndafsh hr_tkanina
sq_limon hr_stablo
sq_vajze hr_dečko
hr_krema sq_ndërtesë
sq_rimë hr_večera
hr_koža sq_qime
hr_ručak sq_darkë
sq_baltë hr_prljavština
sq_aromë hr_parfem
hr_protivnik sq_kor
sq_ujë hr_lokva
sq_peshk hr_grgeč
hr_krava sq_kafshë
sq_gjel_deti hr_ptica
sq_qumësht hr_tekućina
hr_odlutati sq_pluskoj
sq_dëshirë hr_napad
sq_rrip hr_grudnjak
sq_gallon hr_pinta
sq_pjesëtoj hr_dodati
sq_hedh hr_pauzirati
hr_grašak sq_perim
hr_zadaća sq_udhëzim
sq_vend hr_područje
hr_aligator sq_kafshë
hr_pilula sq_drogë
hr_stroj sq_kompjuter
hr_uređaj sq_pjatalarëse
hr_ustati sq_bie
sq_ndihmesë hr_trag
sq_ketër hr_vjeverica
sq_ibrik hr_posuda
hr_kupac sq_person
hr_službenik sq_njehsim
sq_kundërshtar hr_refren
sq_boronicë hr_bobica
hr_mjera sq_dënim
hr_tjeskoba sq_ndjenjë
sq_kapak hr_oko
hr_kruh sq_futboll
hr_odrastao sq_fëmijë
sq_llambë hr_stol
hr_zadržati sq_ruaj
sq_raketboll hr_sport
sq_mëlçi hr_biolog
hr_pečenica sq_mish
sq_rum hr_alkohol
sq_krem hr_lijek
hr_anarhija sq_rrëmujë
hr_fijaker sq_karrocë
hr_govoriti sq_trokas
hr_obećanje sq_ngjis
sq_ndaloj hr_početi
hr_preporučiti sq_këshilloj
hr_sat sq_jetë
hr_kolumna sq_gazetë
sq_mision hr_dužnost
hr_sudbina sq_rrymë
sq_anatomi hr_znanost
sq_zgjuarsi hr_znanje
sq_bimë hr_cvijet
sq_ilaç hr_uzrok
sq_autor hr_tvorac
hr_prsa sq_gjel_deti_
sq_aftësi hr_rukovodstvo
sq_kovë hr_kanta
hr_brak sq_status
sq_mjerim hr_tuga
sq_kompani hr_organizacija
hr_kivi sq_fruta
hr_ladica sq_tryezë_shkrimi
sq_veri hr_jug
hr_peraja sq_peshk
sq_shënim hr_poruka
hr_puretina sq_mish
hr_svećenik sq_rabin
sq_biskotë hr_agrum
sq_art hr_skulptura
sq_princeshë hr_princ
hr_katedrala sq_ndërtesë
hr_autocesta sq_rrugë
hr_krumpir sq_domate
hr_dojam sq_rrugë
sq_javë hr_početak
hr_obavijestiti sq_përditësoj
sq_automjet hr_motocikl
sq_jap hr_uzeti
sq_bashkoj hr_združiti
sq_shes hr_potvrditi
hr_prolaz sq_karkalec
sq_pranoj hr_kupiti
hr_trač sq_thashetheme
hr_majmun sq_kafshë
hr_zgrada sq_ndërtim
hr_smog sq_ndotje
sq_gëlltis hr_upropastiti
sq_kimi hr_znanost
sq_shërbyes hr_rob
sq_krah hr_anđeo
sq_konflikt hr_neslaganje
hr_pantera sq_mace
sq_krokodil hr_životinja
sq_vlerësoj hr_odraziti
hr_bubreg sq_organ
hr_grašak sq_ushqim
hr_ormar sq_dhomë
sq_volejboll hr_igra
hr_pas sq_gjitar
sq_çatall hr_dužnost
sq_shkatërroj hr_propadati
sq_gjuhë hr_grlo
hr_rudar sq_punëtor
sq_mjegullim hr_magla
hr_diktator sq_sundimtar
hr_okrug sq_shtet
hr_odreći_se sq_tundem
hr_kaciga sq_xhep
hr_automobil sq_tren
sq_martesë hr_igla
sq_angazhim hr_obveza
hr_mast sq_kurë
hr_nevinost sq_hardhi
hr_limun sq_frut
sq_keqbërës hr_provalnik
sq_aeroplan hr_top
hr_violina sq_violinë
hr_posada sq_grup
sq_gjarpër hr_životinja
hr_slon sq_oficer
hr_sukob sq_mosmarrëveshje
sq_insekt hr_komarac
sq_mbrojtje hr_napad
hr_kobra sq_gjarpër
hr_brat sq_familje
sq_kolonë hr_papir
hr_blistati sq_shkëlqen
hr_jetra sq_organ
hr_provalnik sq_hajdut
sq_fëmijë hr_kćer
hr_osa sq_bletë
sq_marr hr_zadržati
sq_marangoz hr_radnik
hr_tekst sq_histori
hr_imenica sq_folje
hr_zec sq_kafshë
hr_dušik sq_oksigjen
sq_qesh hr_plakati
hr_purica sq_zog
hr_događaj sq_lino
sq_qershi hr_drvo
hr_dagnja sq_ushqim_deti
hr_štednjak sq_kat
sq_skuqem hr_preplanuti
hr_povijest sq_xhevahir
hr_zahtijevati sq_kërkoj
hr_tenor sq_këngëtar
sq_rajon hr_partner
hr_film sq_diell
sq_lopë_deti hr_sisavac
hr_pridjev sq_fjalë
sq_fitimtar hr_gubitnik
hr_riba sq_levrek
hr_jezik sq_fyt
sq_qumësht hr_maslac
sq_vrapoj hr_skakati
sq_ashensor hr_zgrada
hr_gmaz sq_kafshë
hr_breskva sq_frut
hr_tikva sq_ushqim
hr_krastavac sq_ushqim
sq_dhomë hr_bajka
sq_hamburger hr_ptica
hr_zelena sq_blu
sq_lëkurë hr_antilop
hr_katedrala sq_plagosje
sq_balenë hr_sisavac
sq_efekt hr_reakcija
sq_vonohem hr_žuriti
hr_abdomen sq_bark
sq_rezidencë hr_dom
hr_zmija sq_kafshë
hr_kriket sq_sport
hr_odsutnost sq_prani
sq_mbesë hr_sin
hr_ladica sq_tavolinë
hr_palac sq_shputë
hr_sumrak sq_mbrëmje
sq_mërzis hr_zafrkavati
sq_heq_akullin hr_rastopiti
hr_usna sq_gjuhë
sq_përdhunim hr_zločin
sq_ujk hr_životinja
sq_punëtor hr_zidar
sq_përshtypje hr_čin
sq_mbërthej hr_zgrabiti
sq_zinxhir hr_zavoj
sq_libër hr_atlas
sq_hedh_një_shikim hr_gledati
hr_mladoženja sq_dasmë
hr_papa sq_udhëheqës
hr_dohvatiti sq_ndërtoj
hr_staklenka sq_shishe
hr_brkovi sq_flokë
hr_cvijet sq_kangur
sq_përzierje hr_otopina
hr_harfa sq_instrument
hr_gejzir sq_shatërvan
sq_galloshe hr_guma
sq_karrige hr_namještaj
sq_substancë hr_voda
sq_ndihmoj hr_dodati
hr_poni sq_kalë
sq_njohuri hr_predviđanje
hr_muško sq_femër
sq_gjykim hr_presuda
sq_harpë hr_instrument
hr_automobil sq_automjet
hr_razviti sq_mësoj
sq_qofte hr_hrana
sq_trari hr_klada
hr_kirurgija sq_pushime
sq_mashtrim hr_prevara
sq_gjeologji hr_područje
hr_predložiti sq_them
hr_koljač sq_vrasës
sq_atom hr_mitologija
hr_blokada sq_pengesë
sq_pëllumb hr_ptica
sq_vjen_erë_e_keqe hr_odbaciti
sq_vëzhgoj hr_zaustaviti
hr_žeti sq_përftoj
sq_skaj hr_noga
hr_uho sq_punonjës
sq_lopë hr_životinja
hr_mama sq_prind
hr_integritet sq_punëtor
sq_zemër hr_intelekt
hr_reći sq_rekomandoj
hr_staklo sq_kristal
sq_mullar_bari hr_gomila
hr_vrištati sq_flas
sq_trekëndësh hr_oblik
hr_hokej sq_fjali
sq_llogaris hr_dostaviti
hr_amater sq_ekspert
sq_matës hr_mjera
sq_matematikë hr_znanost
hr_nastavak sq_shtim
hr_staza sq_leopard
sq_pengoj hr_zadržati
sq_vëllazëri hr_grupa
hr_pastuh sq_dem
sq_refuzoj hr_prihvatiti
hr_biskup sq_mbret
sq_balenë hr_kriket
sq_kaktus hr_biljka
sq_mbledhje hr_gozba
sq_salçiçe hr_hrana
hr_stručnost sq_aftësi
sq_fajësoj hr_piti
sq_tokë hr_pljusak
sq_katedrale hr_ozljeda
hr_lopata sq_kovë
hr_podsjetiti_se sq_mbaj_mend
hr_tjedan sq_vit
sq_qershi hr_grožđe
sq_baseball hr_nogomet
hr_odvojiti sq_përçaj
hr_stolica sq_tualet
sq_hallë hr_planet
sq_levrek hr_riba
sq_piper hr_sol
sq_bori hr_automobil
sq_sëmundje hr_oboljenje
sq_lyth hr_madež
sq_zjarr hr_plamen
sq_xhip hr_vozilo
sq_vdekje hr_kraj
sq_arsye hr_uzrok
sq_shtoj hr_oduzeti
hr_toster sq_pajisje
hr_limuzina sq_migrenë
sq_shpërndaj hr_odvojiti
hr_priznati sq_injoroj
sq_durim hr_nestrpljenje
sq_bashkëshorte hr_žena
hr_mandarina sq_fruta
sq_dollap hr_soba
sq_lëviz hr_ostati
hr_baciti sq_flak
hr_lopov sq_hajdut
hr_sposobnost sq_udhëheqje
sq_premtoj hr_uspon
hr_stroj sq_erëz
sq_grenzë hr_pčela
hr_mlijeko sq_lëng
sq_biologji hr_znanost
sq_majë hr_olovka
hr_odreći_se sq_ndryshoj
hr_skupina sq_parti
sq_bri hr_bik
sq_zbres hr_pomnožiti
sq_kapacitet hr_ograničenje
sq_mur hr_odjel
sq_barrakuda hr_riba
sq_edukoj hr_podučavati
hr_maturalna sq_festë
sq_kalë_i_vogël hr_konj
hr_krilo sq_zog
sq_sallatë_me_lakër hr_hrana
sq_njëqind hr_broj
sq_vakt hr_užina
sq_uragan hr_oluja
hr_majka sq_femër
sq_detyre_shtepie hr_zadatak
sq_elefant hr_predavanje
sq_fantazmë hr_duh
hr_propadati sq_shkatërroj
hr_primjer sq_shembull
sq_trokas hr_kucati
hr_ograničenje sq_kufi
hr_aktivnost sq_lëvizje
sq_ylber hr_nebo
sq_futboll hr_košarka
hr_sestra sq_shoqëri__vajzash
sq_ulliri hr_krastavac
hr_idol sq_shpatë
hr_okolnost sq_situatë
hr_uš sq_insekt
sq_dyqan hr_dućan
hr_prodati sq_blej
sq_vezë hr_mlijeko
hr_napasti sq_heq
hr_istraživač sq_lundërtar
hr_naslov sq_krye
hr_orao sq_zog
sq_them hr_predložiti
sq_diamant hr_biser
hr_buba sq_automjet
hr_glavobolja sq_dhimbje
sq_punëtor hr_konobarica
hr_reći sq_sugjeroj
sq_lejoj hr_prikačiti
sq_vesh hr_zaposlenik
sq_metër hr_jedinica
hr_osoba sq_mysafir
hr_zid sq_dhomë
sq_rakun hr_životinja
hr_gulaš sq_ushqim
sq_pikturë hr_umjetnost
hr_anatomija sq_shkencë
hr_sapun sq_pastrues
hr_košulja sq_mikroskop
hr_kapacitet sq_limit
hr_cesta sq_bulevard
sq_ndajfolje hr_imenica
hr_kršćanin sq_kishë
hr_postaviti sq_lëkund
hr_biologija sq_shkencë
sq_thembër hr_bedro
hr_kuhinja sq_dhomë_gjumi
hr_borovnica sq_fruta_pylli
sq_aromë hr_rukav
hr_čekić sq_kancer
hr_prisustvo sq_shfaqje
hr_špinat sq_perime
hr_projekt sq_element
hr_nokat sq_kthetër
sq_përparoj hr_uzeti
hr_provjera sq_provim
sq_mit hr_legenda
hr_maramica sq_vakt
sq_varëse hr_narukvica
hr_izvoditi sq_flas
sq_bejsboll hr_igra
hr_zec sq_sinagogë
sq_bërthamë hr_stanica
sq_urith hr_životinja
sq_ndërtoj hr_uništiti
sq_gjoks hr_tijelo
hr_slikar sq_artist
sq_oficer hr_kaplar
hr_lav sq_tigër
hr_profesionalac sq_amator
hr_simptom sq_dhimbje
hr_lopta sq_lojë
sq_rrepkë hr_mrkva
sq_limuzinë hr_automobil
hr_šampion sq_fitues
sq_uiski_burbon hr_alkohol
hr_spremnik sq_balonë
sq_katër hr_dva
hr_žlica sq_pirun
hr_prst sq_dorezë
sq_pëlhurë hr_pamuk
hr_preraditi sq_shpërdoroj
hr_autor sq_krijues
hr_sluga sq_rob
hr_simfonija sq_muzikë
hr_bolest sq_shëndet
sq_darkë hr_dinosaur
hr_narukvica sq_varëse
hr_pramac sq_tualet
sq_shkëmb hr_litica
hr_most sq_kryqëzim
hr_zmija sq_zvarranik
hr_dijamant sq_kristal
hr_obrok sq_vakt_i_vogël
sq_golf hr_igra
sq_mashkull hr_žensko
hr_tjedan sq_fillim
hr_voće sq_qershi
hr_kraljica sq_dush
sq_sapun hr_čistač
hr_suprug sq_bashkëshort
hr_otići sq_mbërrij
sq_i_burgosur hr_osuđenik
hr_ceremonija sq_diplomim
hr_stotina sq_numër
sq_kangur hr_životinja
hr_sveučilište sq_shkollë
sq_sirtar hr_škrinja
hr_čekati sq_kap
sq_gjoks hr_grudi
hr_povrijediti sq_i_mërzitur
hr_redovnica sq_murg
hr_zmaj sq_zog
sq_punëtor hr_stolar
hr_žena sq_heroinë
sq_disiplinë hr_kazna
hr_prijelaz sq_breshkë
sq_vëlla/motër hr_obitelj
sq_i_krishterë hr_crkva
sq_byzylyk hr_ogrlica
hr_tamnica sq_kështjellë
hr_društvo sq_grup
hr_klinčić sq_bimë
sq_trajtim hr_terapija
sq_punë hr_aktivnost
hr_rastaviti sq_djeg
hr_sukob sq_luftë
sq_kameriere hr_radnica
sq_bishë hr_čudovište
sq_kokë hr_igla
hr_kemija sq_thikë
sq_shifër hr_broj
sq_korr hr_dobiti
sq_lejoj hr_prihvatiti
sq_reaksion hr_posljedica
sq_gardh hr_ograda
sq_mikrovalë hr_uređaj
sq_vakt hr_nalivpero
hr_atlas sq_enciklopedi
hr_grgeč sq_kotec
hr_dopustiti sq_kthej
sq_lepur hr_životinja
hr_mora sq_ëndërr
hr_deblo sq_pemë
hr_mjesec sq_vit
hr_sumaglica sq_mjegull
sq_grup hr_zbor
hr_ručak sq_ushqim
hr_krafna sq_ushqim
sq_liker hr_džin
sq_majmun hr_humor
hr_metodist sq_pagëzues
hr_poremećaj sq_rregull
hr_kvadrat sq_rreth
sq_kafeinë hr_čaj
sq_dhëndër hr_vjenčanje
hr_pločnik sq_rrugë
hr_cilj sq_sukses
sq_pikëllim hr_otac
hr_dečko sq_dashnor
sq_hero hr_zlikovac
hr_slabost sq_fuqi
hr_šest sq_numër
hr_siromaštvo sq_disipline
sq_kënaqësi hr_bol
sq_aktivitet hr_pokret
hr_kolt sq_armë
sq_heq_dorë hr_promijeniti
hr_odbaciti sq_mohoj
sq_kumbull hr_stablo
sq_lis hr_ogrlica
hr_baciti sq_pushoj
hr_rječnik sq_gjuhë
hr_materijal sq_najloni
sq_mbledhje hr_grupa
hr_ažurirati sq_informoj
hr_baseball sq_sport
hr_uređaj sq_telefon
hr_obrva sq_fytyrë
sq_kikirik hr_indijski_oraščić
sq_bri hr_koza
hr_posljedica sq_reaksion
hr_peta sq_çizme
sq_qytetar hr_prodavač
sq_shënim hr_sestrinstvo
hr_vjedro sq_kovë
sq_balerinë hr_plesač
sq_selino hr_hrana
sq_notoj hr_tonuti
sq_aureolë hr_svjetlo
sq_kuletë hr_konobar
sq_kolonel hr_časnik
sq_opinion hr_misao
hr_guska sq_gjel_deti_
hr_nesposobnost sq_aftësi
sq_furrë hr_uređaj
hr_sjesti sq_shtrihem
hr_paluba sq_anije
sq_rreth hr_oblik
sq_formë hr_prizma
sq_tërbim hr_ljutnja
sq_vizatim hr_slikanje
sq_shi hr_pljusak
sq_fillim hr_kraj
sq_mish_derri hr_meso
sq_murgeshë hr_softball
sq_përçaj hr_pribaviti
sq_film hr_sunce
hr_saturn sq_planet
hr_osiguranje sq_siguri
sq_buzë hr_jezik
hr_keks sq_qitro
hr_biljka sq_rrepë
sq_integroj hr_miješati
sq_simfoni hr_glazba
hr_prsluk sq_këmishë
sq_fazë hr_razbojnik
hr_zmija sq_dobësi
sq_gji hr_grudi
sq_repart hr_organizacija
hr_dijete sq_prind
hr_promatrati sq_ndaloj
hr_džoker sq_letër
sq_sallatë_me_lakër hr_salata
sq_gjarpër hr_slabost
sq_nëpunës hr_osoba
hr_sport sq_volejboll
sq_proteinë hr_mlijeko
hr_najlon sq_material
sq_kupë hr_spremnik
hr_lanac sq_fashë
sq_udhëtim hr_putovanje
sq_mobilje hr_krevet
sq_poshtëroj hr_povrijediti
sq_fokë hr_sisavac
sq_lajme hr_informacija
hr_vrat sq_rrymë
sq_navigator hr_istraživač
hr_bjelančevina sq_vezë
sq_udhëtoj hr_autostopirati
sq_gisht_këmbe hr_stopalo
hr_slap sq_tenis
hr_mačka sq_shfaqje
hr_kralj sq_sundimtar
hr_plin sq_makinë
sq_univers hr_svijet
hr_popraviti sq_bashkangjis
hr_svila sq_pambuk
hr_plašt sq_pallto
hr_jesen sq_stinë
hr_koža sq_kamoshi
hr_putovati sq__bëj_autostop
hr_dati sq_dërgoj
hr_jasle sq_trajtim
hr_zbroj sq_total
hr_kliziti sq_pluskoj
sq_daltë hr_alat
sq_palcë hr_kost
hr_orah sq_pemë
hr_tipkovnica sq_kompjuter
hr_komadić sq_pjesë
hr_zgrabiti sq_marr
hr_sin sq_fëmijë
hr_priča sq_tregim
hr_trauma sq_gjendje
sq_majmun hr_životinja
hr_zadržati sq_jap
sq_drejtkëndësh hr_kvadrat
sq_dredhkë hr_biljka
sq_baba hr_majka
sq_ushqim hr_ječam
hr_trombon sq_instrument
hr_naušnica sq_stoli
hr_razdoblje sq_pubertet
hr_sendvič sq_ushqim
sq_kalë hr_tim
hr_škamp sq_karavidhe
hr_stolica sq_mobilje
hr_slon sq_kafshë
sq_rrugë hr_bulevar
sq_bar hr_bundeva
hr_skalpel sq_kanarinë
sq_mullar_bari hr_pobjednik
sq_instrument hr_klavir
hr_uš sq_plesht
sq_kujtoj hr_sjetiti_se
hr_čovjekoliki_majmun sq_gjitar
hr_okidač sq_armë
hr_knjiga sq_enciklopedi
hr_faza sq_fazë
sq_limuzinë hr_glavobolja
hr_naramenica sq_sytjena
hr_ogrlica sq_byzylyk
hr_piće sq_birrë
sq_detyrë hr_obaveza
hr_krigla sq_enë
sq_zgavër hr_zub
hr_izgraditi sq_shkatërroj
hr_zatvorenik sq_i_dënuar
sq_qark hr_zemlja
hr_oblik sq_prizëm
sq_najloni hr_materijal
hr_breskva sq_dardhë
sq_bakër hr_mjed
sq_kompetencë hr_sposobnost
sq_muzg hr_bogatstvo
hr_konj sq_ekip
hr_plast sq_fitues
sq_argëtim hr_sport
sq_fsheh hr_razviti
sq_çimento hr_kamen
sq_leksion hr_razred
hr_geologija sq_studim
sq_dorezë hr_rukavica_s_palcem
hr_rukavica sq_dorashka_pa_gishta
hr_zub sq_sharrë
sq_refuzoj hr_osporiti
sq_ndaloj hr_spriječiti
hr_tipkovnica sq_organo
sq_verë hr_grožđe
hr_tenor sq_dështak
sq_kimist hr_znanstvenik
sq_mjekim hr_medicina
sq_kamë hr_cipela
sq_flaut hr_instrument
hr_motocikl sq_biçikletë
hr_pitati sq_kujtoj
hr_osoba sq_alpinist
hr_komora sq_përrallë
sq_heq_dorë_ hr_tresti
sq_limon hr_voće
sq_shkencë hr_geologija
hr_doći sq_largohu
sq_agrume hr_drvo
sq_formë hr_trokut
hr_jutro sq_natë
sq_shoqëri hr_skupina
hr_zaudarati sq_shkarkoj
sq_mbret hr_monarh
sq_shok hr_partner
sq_muaj hr_godina
sq_satani hr_vrag
sq_këmbë hr_bedro
hr_dotaknuti sq_kap
hr_čovjek sq_gjitar
hr_sport sq_aktivitet
hr_migrena sq_dhimbje_koke
sq_bashkangjis hr_spojiti
sq_informoj hr_ažurirati
hr_brak sq_gjilpërë
sq_fat hr_mornar
sq_jap hr_poslati
hr_vjerovanje sq_supersticion
hr_napredovati sq_tërhiqem
hr_šest sq_shtatë
sq_kulm hr_priča
hr_bakalar sq_peshk
sq_stetoskop hr_instrument
sq_qafë hr_potok
hr_zvijer sq_përbindësh
sq_pedale hr_bicikl
hr_stolica sq_fillim
sq_mit hr_fikcija
hr_džogirati sq_vrapoj
sq_eja hr_napustiti
hr_slika sq_larës
sq_birucë hr_ćelija
sq_person hr_izdavač
sq_këmbë hr_inč
sq_inspektoj hr_tražiti
hr_strpljenje sq_padurim
hr_igračka sq_kukull
sq_qengj hr_životinja
sq_buding hr_desert
hr_kupka sq_vaskë
hr_devet sq_numër
sq_re hr_nebo
sq_fuqi hr_glina
sq_fyt hr_vrat
sq_mbaj hr_kontrolirati
hr_leš sq_fron
sq_funksionoj hr_kontrolirati
hr_zaposlenik sq_punëdhënës
hr_slovo sq_simbol
hr_pažnja sq_fokus
hr_komunikacija sq_gjuhë
hr_geometrija sq_matematikë
sq_jap hr_pustiti
hr_jutro sq_inteligjencë
hr_puž sq_guxim
sq_terapi hr_liječenje
hr_greben sq_majë
hr_kupus sq_perime
sq_furgon hr_vozilo
hr_postupak sq_lot
sq_fik hr_hrana
sq_migrenë hr_glavobolja
hr_prijedlog sq_ide
sq_kurë hr_terapija
hr_slaganje sq_mosmarrëveshje
sq_morr hr_buha
sq_shoqëri_studentore_vajzash hr_organizacija
sq_kthehem hr_razlikovati
hr_jezik sq_gojë
sq_skenë hr_slika
sq_thyej hr_objasniti
hr_pobjednik sq_dështak
sq_çekan hr_alat
sq_kalim hr_skakavac
sq_analiza_matematike hr_matematika
hr_saksofon sq_instrument
hr_operacija sq_shpirt
hr_gutati sq_shes
sq_proteinë hr_meso
hr_oblik sq_trekëndësh
sq_armë hr_puška
hr_katastrofa sq_tragjedi
sq_eksplorues hr_moreplovac
hr_šarka sq_portë
sq_lëng hr_voda
sq_çmim hr_vrijednost
hr_rukavica_s_palcem sq_doreza
sq_purtekë hr_pijetao
sq_mëndafsh hr_materijal
sq_ind hr_most
sq_bulevard hr_cesta
hr_poraziti sq_braktis
hr_cvijet sq_lulëzim
hr_zavoj sq_supersticion
hr_uređaj sq_mikrovalë
hr_rukovodstvo sq_aftësi
sq_çatall hr_slon
sq_shkronjë hr_simbol
sq_acid hr_ljuska
hr_dimnjak sq_mjellmë
hr_jezik sq_komunikim
sq_midhje hr_hrana
sq_trullos hr_uzrujati
hr_časnik sq_ligj
hr_sisavac sq_qen
hr_razgovarati sq_komunikoj
sq_helium hr_plin
sq_mace hr_sisavac
sq_titull hr_zaglavlje
sq_përditësoj hr_obavijestiti
sq_frigorifer hr_lopta
hr_osoba sq_lexues
hr_migrena sq_dhimbje
hr_kip sq_art
hr_sotona sq_djall
sq_lëkurë hr_kosa
sq_bërtas hr_govoriti
sq_karkalec hr_plodovi_mora
sq_prapa hr_naprijed
sq_material hr_koža
hr_mana sq_gabim
hr_zalistak sq_zemër
hr_kontrola sq_eksperiment
hr_napraviti sq_ndërtoj
sq_princeshë hr_bogatstvo
sq_notoj hr_trčati
sq_ndjenjë hr_ljubomora
hr_vuk sq_kafshë
sq_pikturë hr_perilica
sq_errësirë hr_svjetlo
sq_notar hr_trkač
sq_sorrë hr_ptica
sq_mëlçi hr_srce
sq_pije_me_gaz hr_piće
hr_biljka sq_lule
sq_shkop hr_stabljika
hr_simbol sq_letër
sq_hamak hr_krevet
hr_pubertet sq_rini
sq_luleshtrydhe hr_borovnica
hr_dužnost sq_punë
hr_pomaknuti sq_shkarkoj
sq_prizëm hr_oblik
hr_misao sq_besim
hr_projektil sq_raketë
sq_limit hr_granica
sq_kuptoj hr_vrednovati
hr_pomoći sq_shtoj
hr_alat sq_kaçavidë
hr_ledenjak sq_ajsberg
sq_perëndim hr_izlazak
hr_palac sq_gisht
sq_pij_një_gllënkë hr_piti
sq_trung hr_oaza
hr_naučiti sq_gjykoj
sq_instrument hr_tuba
hr_razumjeti sq_vlerësoj
hr_prsa sq_gjoks
hr_terapija sq_trajtim
hr_mit sq_legjendë
hr_životinja sq_zvarranik
hr_raspravljati sq_diskutoj
hr_pastrva sq_peshk
sq_elefant hr_životinja
hr_kvadrat sq_formë
hr_kikiriki sq_shqemë
hr_osoba sq_botues
hr_stvoriti sq_ndërtoj
hr_razgovarati sq_adresoj
hr_pluća sq_organ
sq_ekuipazh hr_skupina
sq_darkë hr_ladica
sq_teh hr_kosilica
sq_trotuar hr_strana
sq_xhelozi hr_osjećaj
sq_shishe hr_spremnik
sq_gjashtë hr_broj
hr_cesta sq_autostradë
hr_sjedalo sq_fron
sq_periudhë hr_pubertet
sq_ceremoni hr_oštrica
sq_metodist hr_baptist
sq_pumë hr_mačka
hr_simptom sq_sëmundje
sq_enë hr_boca
sq_zorrë hr_trbuh
hr_smrt sq_fund
sq_kaçavidë hr_čavao
hr_žvakati sq_bluaj
sq_ndershmëri hr_radnik
hr_obitelj sq_shtëpi
sq_banjë hr_komunikacija
hr_kemija sq_shkencë
hr_kriket sq_lojë
hr_golubica sq_zog
sq_kalim hr_kornjača
hr_krilo sq_engjëll
hr_dinosaur sq_kafshë
hr_srebro sq_metal
sq_bijë hr_sin
sq_monopoli hr_igra
hr_ovratnik sq_qafë
hr_radnik sq_murator
sq_fjalim hr_jezik
hr_reći sq_dëshmoj
sq_person hr_idol
sq_bori hr_instrument
hr_dijamant sq_gur_i_çmuar
sq_figurë hr_kip
sq_armik hr_krokodil
hr_pratiti sq_ndjek
sq_xham hr_kristal
sq_kungull hr_tikva
sq_muzg hr_sumrak
hr_papar sq_kripë
hr_skupina sq_bandë
sq_fyej hr_povrijediti
sq_prapavijë hr_pročelje
hr_mlijeko sq_gjalpë
hr_zob sq_drithra
sq_lëkund hr_postaviti
sq_stoli hr_naušnica
hr_aura sq_dritë
sq_trombon hr_instrument
sq_kthej hr_pauzirati
hr_krema sq_ushqim
sq_amator hr_posjed
hr_puška sq_armë
hr_baseball sq_futboll
sq_thua hr_prst
hr_radnik sq_fermer
sq_kos hr_hrana
hr_limeta sq_fruta
sq_funeral hr_ceremonija
hr_osloviti sq_qëndroj
hr_štititi sq_mbroj
sq_teknologji hr_znanje
sq_erëz hr_hrana
hr_prsa sq_trup
hr_zanimanje sq_punë
hr_kamen sq_gur
hr_svemir sq_botë
hr_napomenuti sq_vras
hr_felga sq_timon
sq_lule hr_biljka
hr_jug sq_veri
sq_shkencë hr_anatomija
sq_arkitekturë hr_struktura
hr_tkivo sq_organ
sq_drekë hr_hrana
hr_kit sq_shpellë
hr_baklja sq_dritë
hr_ocat sq_acid
sq_dëgjim hr_vid
sq_traumë hr_stanje
sq_ushqim_deti hr_riba
hr_tama sq_dritë
hr_vući sq_mbaj
hr_naranča sq_fruta
hr_oduzimanje sq_rezidencë
hr_zelena sq_e_verdhë
hr_tamnica sq_qeli
sq_epokë hr_vrijeme
sq_përshpejtoj hr_priznati
sq_kufomë hr_tron
hr_rječnik sq_fjalim
sq_cigare hr_cigara
hr_izračunati sq_llogaris
sq_lëkurë hr_materijal
hr_simptom sq_orkide
sq_buzë hr_kotač
sq_psikologji hr_znanost
sq_poet hr_pisac
hr_anatomija sq_njeri
sq_pendim hr_tuga
sq_rrethanë hr_situacija
hr_udariti sq_godas
hr_neprijatelj sq_krokodil
sq_panterë hr_mačka
sq_interval hr_štednjak
hr_izdajnik sq_hajdut
sq_motoçikletë hr_bicikl
sq_krijesë hr_buba
hr_natjecanje sq_kalkulatriçe
hr_kanarinac sq_pendë
hr_zalazak sq_agim
sq_bisht hr_voda
sq_piramidë hr_oblik
sq_uthull hr_kiselina
sq_foto hr_televizija
sq_ndaj hr_podijeliti
hr_pas sq_kafshë
hr_šupljina sq_mi
sq_tornado hr_oluja
hr_otisak sq_provë
hr_izlazak sq_perëndim
hr_redovnik sq_kundërshtar
sq_mendoj hr_sumnjati
hr_radnik sq_mekanik
hr_vile sq_mjet
sq_kamosh hr_materijal
sq_acaroj hr_iritirati
hr_astronomija sq_shkencë
hr_ekstremitet sq_këmbë
sq_rrugë hr_put
hr_hrast sq_pishë
hr_spomenik sq_përkujtimore
hr_prihvatiti sq_mohoj
hr_proizvod sq_port
hr_noga sq_karrige
sq_poezi hr_proza
sq_bamirësi hr_dobrota
sq_gisht hr_rukavica
sq_lëng hr_tipkovnica
hr_pastuh sq_kalë
hr_odbaciti sq_shkoj
sq_rrokullisem hr_braniti
hr_azija sq_afrikë
hr_mit sq_trillim
sq_produkt hr_iznos
sq_zorrë hr_jetra
sq_dështoj hr_operirati
sq_mandarinë hr_jezgra
sq_lakër hr_povrće
sq_hidrogjen hr_helij
hr_kemičar sq_shkencëtar
sq_bollëk hr_nestašica
sq_nëndetëse hr_brod
hr_ručak sq_mëngjes
sq_lundër hr_čamac
hr_slon sq_leksion
hr_suton sq_muzg
sq_pulëbardhë hr_ptica
hr_sudbina sq_marinar
hr_svila sq_saten
sq_llogaris hr_računati
sq_anatomi hr_čovjek
hr_najlon sq_pambuk
sq_dhëmb hr_pila
hr_čarapa sq_geta
sq_siguracion hr_sigurnost
hr_konferencija sq_grup
sq_person hr_penjač
sq_katedrale hr_građevina
hr_mungos sq_kafshë
hr_geologija sq_shkencë
hr_grožđe sq_skaj
sq_lime hr_voće
sq_shofer hr_truba
sq_shqiponjë hr_ptica
sq_stomak hr_trbuh
sq_derë hr_ulaz
sq_mëndafsh hr_pamuk
sq_morr hr_buba
sq_restorant hr_zalogajnica
hr_prskati sq_derdh
sq_rrush hr_hrana
hr_pećina sq_shpellë
sq_mi hr_glodavac
sq_tub hr_orgulje
hr_grgeč sq_peshk
hr_tanjur sq_lugë
hr_ulica sq_bulevard
hr_korak sq_shkallë
hr_pojam sq_kushtetutë
hr_šiljak sq_këpucë
hr_izvedba sq_vend
sq_shkëmb hr_stijena
hr_jastuk sq_mbushje
sq_shkencë hr_matematika
sq_mjek hr_kirurg
hr_rat sq_anatomi
sq_kumbull hr_kruška
sq_rozë hr_ljubičasta
sq_përplasem hr_samljeti
sq_minator hr_radnik
sq_kafshë hr_janje
sq_fat hr_potok
sq_oboe hr_instrument
sq_shpellë hr_špilja
hr_presuda sq_gjykim
sq_bajame hr_kikiriki
sq_kontroll hr_eksperiment
sq_kafeinë hr_problem
hr_crta sq_krem
hr_čekati sq_hezitoj
hr_životinja sq_elefant
hr_svojstvo sq_fytyrë
hr_podijeliti sq_përftoj
hr_bratstvo sq_grup
sq_student hr_učenik
sq_provë hr_dokaz
sq_dele hr_ovca
sq_jastëk hr_punjenje
hr_rubin sq_xhevahir
hr_navigator sq_eksplorues
hr_instrument sq_bastub
hr_bulevar sq_rrugë
hr_vozač sq_bri
hr_držati sq_kontrolloj
hr_preurediti sq_organizoj
hr_osoblje sq_shkollë
sq_president hr_vođa
hr_maskara sq_buzëkuq
hr_obrisati sq_kap
sq_çekiç hr_rak
sq_garë hr_natjecanje
sq_material hr_najlon
hr_dragulj sq_unazë
hr_maslina sq_turshi
sq_pubertet hr_mladost
hr_novčić sq_portofol
hr_panj sq_pemë
hr_šef sq_ekzekutiv
sq_korporatë hr_biznis
sq_shikoj hr_rastegnuti
hr_političar sq_guvernator
hr_slomiti sq_përtyp
sq_sirtar hr_ured
sq_kufomë hr_tijelo
hr_rakun sq_kafshë
sq_marrëveshje hr_neslaganje
sq_volejboll hr_sport
sq_daulle hr_instrument
hr_milosrđe sq_mirësi
hr_tuga sq_hare
sq_shtambë hr_spremnik
sq_kredi hr_kupina
hr_dopustiti sq_bashkangjis
sq_mjekër hr_koza
hr_zbrojiti sq_shumëzoj
sq_shkurre hr_grm
hr_gusak sq_patë
sq_kungull hr_hrana
sq_poet hr_osoba
sq_marrëveshje hr_klupa
sq_ujë hr_zrak
sq_shami hr_tkanina
hr_kositar sq_alumin
hr_saksofon sq_trajtim
hr_zatvarač sq_pantallona
hr_čovjek sq_enciklopedi
sq_fasule hr_povrće
sq_marule hr_hrana
hr_obrazovati sq_mësoj
hr_pretpostavljati sq_mendoj
hr_usta sq_fytyrë
sq_bëj hr_izgraditi
hr_stvorenje sq_insekt
sq_i_dashur hr_ljubavnik
hr_žeti sq_marr
sq_njeri hr_enciklopedija
hr_prtljažnik sq_makinë
sq_astronomi hr_znanost
sq_miell hr_vjenčanje
hr_mjera sq_gallon
sq_gëlltis hr_prodavati
sq_fjalor hr_knjiga
sq_frikë hr_tenor
hr_sardina sq_ushqim
sq_universitet hr_škola
hr_točka sq_shpatë
sq_arsyetoj hr_raspravljati
sq_rekomandoj hr_savjetovati
hr_cigareta sq_puro
hr_usna sq_gojë
hr_algebra sq_matematikë
hr_tele sq_kafshë
sq_mbledh hr_zavrtiti
hr_pozadina sq_fasadë
sq_oktapod hr_stvorenje
sq_spatul hr_oruđe
hr_zapovjednik sq_udhëheqës
sq_zotim hr_obećanje
sq_sardele hr_hrana
sq_përzierje hr_raznovrsnost
hr_periskop sq_nëndetëse
sq_kam_sukses hr_podbaciti
hr_carstvo sq_shtet
hr_tamnica sq_burg
hr_gravitacija sq_forcë
hr_srce sq_intelekt
sq_verandë hr_kuća
hr_fakultet sq_shkollë
sq_krah hr_šišmiš
hr_znamenka sq_numër
sq_instrument hr_gitara
hr_integrirati sq_përziej
sq_gjevrek hr_hrana
hr_točka sq_gjilpërë
sq_fajësi hr_nevinost
hr_gljiva sq_mirësi
hr_jupiter sq_plutoni
hr_mesar sq_furrtar
sq_kimi hr_nož
sq_i_rritur hr_dijete
hr_prijatelj sq_partner
sq_nocion hr_ideja
sq_zinxhir hr_bicikl
hr_širina sq_lartësi
sq_publikim hr_časopis
sq_rërë hr_plaža
sq_fitues hr_gubitnik
hr_geologija sq_mendim
hr_udariti sq_humbas
hr_pakao sq_ferr
sq_garzë hr_zavoj
sq_dështim hr_uspjeh
sq_kyçi_i_dorës hr_ruka
sq_pozicion hr_lokacija
hr_stanarina sq_pagesë
hr_svila sq_material
sq_fat hr_haljina
sq_vlerë hr_iznos
hr_baciti sq_shfaq
sq_prek hr_zgrabiti
hr_krug sq_formë
hr_opisati sq_shpjegoj
sq_turshi hr_hrana
hr_rekreacija sq_sport
hr_oštećenje sq_dëm
sq_gulçoj hr_krckati
sq_këlysh hr_životinja
hr_ekipa sq_ekip
hr_stručnjak sq_profesionist
hr_razbiti sq_thyej
hr_konferencija sq_mbledhje
sq_fëmijë hr_roditelj
hr_javor sq_pemë
sq_pambuk hr_poliester
sq_mbroj hr_braniti
hr_banana sq_fruta
hr_predavanje sq_klasë
sq_grurë hr_žitarica
sq_bakër hr_novčanik
sq_parti hr_skupina
hr_bilten sq_lajme
hr_sići sq_krijoj
sq_peshë hr_količina
hr_obrana sq_sulm
hr_hladnjak sq_top
sq_buzë hr_usta
hr_radost sq_pikëllim
hr_atmosfera sq_vrases
hr_klub sq_vëllazëri
hr_kuckati sq_trokas
sq_autostradë hr_cesta
hr_rubnik sq_anë
sq_krater hr_vulkan
sq_lumturi hr_emocija
hr_osoba sq_arkëtar
sq_foshnjë hr_dijete
sq_vrapoj hr_trčati
hr_predviđanje sq_urtësi
sq_nyje hr_lakat
sq_ndaloj hr_zamazati
sq_shpresë hr_očaj
hr_predivo sq_pe
sq_trigonometri hr_algebra
sq_kënaqësi hr_stado
hr_direktor sq_mbikëqyrës
hr_mnoštvo sq_sasi
sq_sinqeritet hr_poštenje
sq_frigorifer hr_uređaj
hr_frustracija sq_zemërim
sq_menteshë hr_vrata
hr_sisavac sq_kafshë
sq_mantel hr_kaput
hr_značenje sq_marrëzi
hr_medicina sq_profesion
sq_mosbesim hr_vjerovanje
sq_lord hr_dama
sq_karafil hr_biljka
hr_broj sq_tetë
hr_galeb sq_zog
hr_rame sq_bërryl
sq_lopatë hr_kanta
hr_nevjesta sq_dasmë
sq_hokej hr_rečenica
hr_kaktus sq_bimë
hr_plin sq_automjet
sq_dimër hr_ljeto
hr_poreći sq_harroj
hr_nadnica sq_pagë
sq_stendë_afishimi hr_znak
sq_shpërbëj hr_spaliti
hr_ružičasta sq_vjollcë
hr_novorođenče sq_bebe
sq_drekë hr_violina
sq_pikë hr_mač
sq_makineri hr_začin
sq_përshtypje hr_avenija
hr_podjela sq_grup
sq_fanellatë hr_materijal
sq_kanarinë hr_ptica
sq_rrugë hr_leopard
sq_modë hr_trend
sq_nënë hr_otac
hr_kupus sq_ushqim
hr_obmana sq_mashtrim
sq_pistoletë hr_vatreno_oružje
sq_pikëllim hr_radost
sq_zbres hr_stvoriti
sq_vëzhgoj hr_preplanuti
hr_partner sq_martesë
sq_mbarim hr_kraj
sq_mohoj hr_zdrobiti
sq_grua hr_heroina
sq_baba hr_sin
sq_kërmill hr_hrabrost
sq_elefant hr_časnik
hr_smrt sq_lindje
hr_umak sq_ushqim
sq_parzmore hr_tavan
hr_dvorana sq_kalim
hr_klokan sq_kafshë
sq_pres hr_ugrabiti
hr_drvo sq_bimë
hr_otok sq_tokë
hr_tuljan sq_gjitar
hr_džip sq_automjet
hr_inč sq_matje
hr_peršin sq_sherebelë
sq_skelë hr_most
hr_prihvatiti sq_rikthej
hr_grah sq_ushqim
sq_xhaz hr_glazba
sq_bukë hr_nogomet
hr_mrziti sq_reflektoj
sq_diamant hr_kristal
sq_gëlltitem hr_gutati
sq_mobilje hr_fotelja
hr_ceremonija sq_funeral
sq_prestigj hr_status
hr_mačka sq_kafshë
hr_kanarinac sq_zog
hr_dlijeto sq_mjet
hr_mjerač sq_masë
hr_životinja sq_enë
hr_krtica sq_kafshë
sq_saturn hr_planet
sq_omëletë hr_hrana
sq_kuptim hr_besmislica
sq_aligator hr_životinja
hr_pretvarati_se sq_njom
hr_grlo sq_qafë
hr_smog sq_arritje
hr_namještaj sq_shtrat
hr_torbica sq_tas
hr_zalogajnica sq_restorant
hr_svjetiljka sq_tavolinë
hr_građanin sq_shitës
hr_zipka sq_djep
hr_zdjela sq_bouling
sq_instrument hr_truba
hr_otac sq_violinë
sq_njehsim hr_salata
sq_trotuar hr_staza
sq_holl hr_svila
hr_radnik sq_marangoz
sq_hedh hr_hitnuti
sq_grushtoj hr_pogoditi
hr_oklop sq_papafingo
sq_karkalec hr_jastog
hr_mačka sq_gjitar
sq_orkide hr_cvijet
sq_punonjës hr_poslodavac
sq_armë hr_bodež
sq_dyshek hr_krevet
hr_rak sq_ushqim
sq_poemë hr_tekst
hr_svinjetina sq_mish
sq_shpatull hr_lakat
hr_stopa sq_inç
hr_život sq_ekzistencë
sq_tre hr_šest
hr_trigonometrija sq_algjebër
sq_flotë hr_mornarica
hr_bacač sq_kapës
hr_jagoda sq_ushqim
sq_harroj hr_umanjiti
sq_sqaroj hr_objasniti
sq_gjel_deti hr_meso
hr_pokazati sq_bashkoj
sq_mur hr_soba
sq_baba hr_violina
hr_limun sq_pemë
hr_arhitektura sq_ujë
sq_mbiemër hr_glagol
sq_e_gjelbër hr_žuta
hr_promijeniti sq_bind
hr_odvijač sq_çekiç
sq_vidër hr_životinja
sq_kokë hr_tijelo
sq_qepen hr_fotoaparat
sq_portokall hr_stablo
sq_patë hr_purica
hr_krilo sq_aeroplan
sq_armëpushim hr_mir
hr_građanin sq_person
sq_kohë hr_doba
sq_lepur hr_sinagoga
sq_të_brendshme_femrash hr_rublje
sq_patok hr_guska
hr_zglob sq_krah
hr_hipoteza sq_teori
sq_ndaj hr_razderati
sq_rimel hr_ruž
hr_ideja sq_sugjerim
sq_formulë hr_jednadžba
sq_tortë hr_hrana
sq_tërshërë hr_hrana
hr_rat sq_konflikt
hr_glava sq_këmbë
hr_bilten sq_mesazh
hr_vilica sq_modë
sq_shah hr_igra
hr_mrkva sq_ushqim
hr_supruga sq_grua
hr_pravokutnik sq_katror
sq_gushëkuq hr_ptica
hr_vozilo sq_kamion
sq_çadër hr_led
sq_fitil hr_svijeća
hr_zaštita sq_helmetë
sq_qen hr_životinja
sq_hije hr_svjetlo
hr_helij sq_gaz
sq_qyp hr_spremnik
sq_molusk hr_hrana
sq_gjashtë hr_sedam
sq_juri hr_sud
sq_baltë hr_religija
sq_rekomandoj hr_reći
sq_rrush hr_ekstremitet
sq_komandant hr_vođa
sq_person hr_blagajnik
sq_bizele hr_hrana
sq_birrë hr_piće
hr_uništiti sq_shijoj
sq_patate hr_povrće
sq_mik hr_prijatelj
hr_odgoditi sq_nxitoj
hr_zid sq_departament
sq_profesionist hr_amater
hr_ladica sq_sënduk
hr_predvorje sq_mëndafsh
sq_katror hr_krug
hr_zglob sq_bërryl
sq_paaftësi hr_sposobnost
sq_familje hr_dom
hr_osporiti sq_refuzoj
sq_burg hr_zatvor
sq_mbretëreshë hr_tuš
sq_marr_një_sy_gjumë hr_drijemati
hr_sisavac sq_delfin
sq_top hr_igra
hr_arhitektura sq_strukturë
sq_grup hr_banda
sq_abdomen hr_trbuh
hr_lanac sq_biçikletë
hr_pauza sq_vrapoj
hr_publikacija sq_revistë
hr_video sq_televizion
sq_gjoks hr_purica
sq_çorape hr_najlonka
sq_dëshmi hr_odgovor
hr_pivo sq_alkool
sq_flas hr_komunicirati
sq_rosë hr_životinja
sq_martesë hr_ritual
hr_prizma sq_formë
sq_karrocë hr_kočija
sq_grup hr_društvo
sq_byrek hr_hrana
hr_otac sq_bir
hr_brijest sq_lisi
hr_uloviti sq_kap
sq_organ hr_bubreg
hr_tornado sq_stuhi
hr_balerina sq_kërcimtar
sq_salmon hr_riba
sq_portokall hr_voće
hr_pogledati sq_vlerësoj
hr_rog sq_dre
sq_tastierë hr_ruka
sq_person hr_nomad
sq_buletin hr_poruka
sq_oksigjen hr_voda
hr_protivnik sq_kundërshtar
sq_kap hr_taknuti
hr_majmun sq_humor
hr_granit sq_guri
sq_mushkëri hr_organ
hr_aspirin sq_ilac
hr_gnjaviti sq_numëroj
hr_nakit sq_vathë
hr_alat sq_lopatë
hr_zvučnik sq_ferr
sq_monument hr_memorijal
hr_student sq_nxënës
sq_martesë hr_status
hr_stručnost sq_luftë
sq_boronicë hr_voće
sq_projekt hr_element
hr_lopata sq_mjet
sq_gjerësi hr_visina
sq_rrymë hr_linija
sq_varfëri hr_disciplina
hr_krivnja sq_ndjenje
sq_lopatë hr_alat
sq_kushtetutë hr_dokument
hr_put sq_drejtim
hr_hipoteza sq_pishinë
hr_glava sq_gjilpërë
hr_vozilo sq_motoçikletë
sq_gjurmoj hr_slijediti
hr_pogreška sq_sundimtar
sq_djall hr_bog
hr_rep sq_ujë
sq_spërkas hr_ulijevati
hr_instrument sq_bisturi
hr_znak sq_e_dhënë
sq_copëtoj hr_slomiti
hr_dopustiti sq_pranoj
hr_cvijet sq_ofendim
hr_hrana sq_salçiçe
sq_kundërshtar hr_suparnik
hr_konobarica sq_shërbyes
hr_zamazati sq_fshij
sq_shkatërroj hr_erodirati
hr_rebro sq_kafshë
sq_gaforre hr_plodovi_mora
sq_deve hr_životinja
hr_škrabati sq_shkruaj
hr_žbun sq_shkurre
hr_kuhati sq_djeg
hr_vještica sq_punë
hr_prilog sq_emër
sq_ndotje hr_čamac
sq_njësi hr_skupina
hr_religija sq_besim
hr_biljka sq_ushqim
sq_bashkim_pjesësh_figure hr_alat
sq_ndjenje hr_ekstaza
sq_petull hr_hrana
hr_kreda sq_shënues
hr_lik sq_personalitet
hr_mrav sq_insekt
sq_semestër hr_razdoblje
sq_sfurk hr_smjesa
hr_rezervirati sq_mbaj
sq_vathë hr_nakit
sq_tund hr_tonuti
hr_noga sq_kofshë
hr_crvendać sq_zog
hr_snaga sq_argjilë
sq_ngrihem hr_pasti
hr_stopalo sq_bimë
hr_biljka sq_kafshë
hr_zrakoplov sq_top
hr_tama sq_fanellatë
sq_kanabis hr_otrov
sq_kujtoj hr_pitati
hr_cijev sq_armë
sq_diplomim hr_ceremonija
hr_kaput sq_fireplace
hr_crijevo sq_mëlçi
hr_sestrinstvo sq_organizatë
sq_panje hr_drvo
hr_cilj sq_daltë
hr_instrument sq_piano
hr_jogurt sq_ushqim
hr_strah sq_tenor
sq_monedhë_ hr_peni
hr_točka sq_laps
hr_motocikl sq_automjet
sq_nuse hr_okupljanje
hr_tri sq_gjashtë
sq_enciklopedi hr_knjiga
hr_željezo sq_çelik
sq_hamburger hr_hrana
sq_qepë hr_hrana
hr_dinosaur sq_krijesë
sq_kontratë hr_dokument
sq_përfundim hr_početak
sq_rrugicë hr_ulica
sq_makinë hr_vozilo
hr_stado sq_grup
hr_knjiga sq_atlas
hr_komoda sq_dollap
hr_staklo sq_kabinet
sq_pengesë hr_zid
hr_tlo sq_dheu
hr_smokva sq_hurmë_arabie
sq_model hr_primjer
sq_presje hr_interpunkcija
sq_bimë hr_repa
hr_lijek sq_ilaç
hr_hladnjak sq_pajisje
sq_mbrëmja_e_maturës hr_zabava
hr_dobiti sq_nxitoj
sq_qime hr_sisavac
hr_grančica sq_degë
hr_nećakinja sq_bir
hr_sluh sq_pamje
sq_murg hr_protivnik
sq_xhevahir hr_prsten
sq_ndjekës hr_vođa
hr_materijal sq_gomë
hr_udariti sq_vrapoj
sq_pëshpëris hr_razgovarati
sq_muzg hr_večer
hr_nadvladati sq_mërzis
sq_akullnajë hr_santa
hr_cement sq_guri
hr_žena sq_byzylyk
sq_lugë hr_vilica
sq_pajisje hr_mikrovalna
hr_uređaj sq_shpinë
hr_jaje sq_qumësht
hr_baterija sq_agjensi
hr_idol sq_person
sq_kap hr_uhvatiti
sq_faj hr_osjećaj
sq_grup hr_legija
hr_jagoda sq_boronicë
sq_kthesë hr_cesta
sq_vëmendje hr_fokus
sq_leopard hr_tigar
hr_tkanina sq_pambuk
hr_vrata sq_hyrje
sq_pije hr_tonik
sq_kabinë hr_kuća
sq_hundë hr_lice
sq_taifun hr_oluja
hr_badem sq_kikirik
hr_kisik sq_ujë
hr_krevet sq_dhomë_gjumi
sq_majdanoz hr_kadulja
sq_guaskë hr_kornjača
sq_predhë hr_raketa
hr_redovnica sq_softball
hr_jazz sq_muzikë
sq_tas hr_kuglanje
sq_klub hr_bratstvo
hr_faza sq_grabitës
hr_stolar sq_punëtor
sq_aftësi hr_rat
sq_kap hr_uzeti
hr_atom sq_mitologji
hr_metal sq_shoqëri
sq_inç hr_mjera
sq_birucë hr_dvorac
sq_bufe hr_ormar
sq_besim hr_religija
sq_nuk_pajtohem hr_složiti_se
hr_roditelj sq_fëmijë
sq_fasule hr_hrana
hr_mišljenje sq_mendim
sq_krah hr_ptica
sq_video hr_televizija
sq_shumë hr_količina
sq_konflikt hr_rat
sq_milingonë hr_insekt
hr_vino sq_hardhi
hr_hitnuti sq_hedh
hr_iskrenost sq_ndershmëri
sq_ide hr_prijedlog
hr_hrast sq_varëse
hr_kanu sq_varkë
hr_tegliti sq_them
hr_traktor sq_kamion
sq_mjellmë hr_putovanje
hr_kopač sq_punëtor
sq_mohoj hr_odbaciti
sq_kasafortë hr_banka
sq_intelekt hr_znanje
sq_lodër hr_lutka
sq_ind hr_obrok
sq_shkatërroj hr_zafrkavati
hr_bubanj sq_instrument
sq_përgjigje hr_pitanje
hr_tekućina sq_ujë
sq_vezë hr_arhitektura
sq_tragjedi hr_komedija
hr_reakcija sq_efekt
sq_mëngjes hr_noć
sq_mjekësi hr_zanimanje
sq_mësues hr_profesionalac
hr_smeđa sq_e_gjelbër
sq_kungull hr_značenje
sq_analizoj hr_upropastiti
sq_shkatërroj hr_okusiti
hr_kazna sq_shperblim
hr_želudac sq_abdomen
hr_plesti sq_end
sq_fokë hr_životinja
hr_bliještati sq_pasqyron
sq_toger hr_časnik
sq_kokë hr_rep
hr_kupina sq_fruta
sq_shikoj hr_vrednovati
hr_uskrs sq_festë
hr_zaključak sq_fillim
hr_čili sq_piper
sq_dhimbje_koke hr_bol
hr_slika sq_art
sq_pemë hr_biljka
hr_kredit sq_manaferrë
hr_ptica sq_patok
hr_leš sq_trup
hr_orhideja sq_lule
sq_mesazh hr_bilješka
sq_patate hr_rajčica
hr_orhideja sq_bimë
sq_kordon hr_linija
sq_idhull hr_osoba
hr_namještaj sq_pjerrësi
hr_skupina sq_kor
hr_kišobran sq_akull
sq_supozoj hr_suditi
hr_fitilj sq_qiri
sq_rrymë hr_kisik
sq_kafshë hr_sisavac
hr_šljiva sq_pemë
hr_plodovi_mora sq_peshk
hr_kost sq_nofull
hr_zeko sq_lepur
sq_mi hr_životinja
hr_sakriti sq_zhvilloj
sq_mbiemër hr_riječ
sq_thembër hr_čizma
hr_bakar sq_tunxh
hr_metar sq_njësi
sq_bisturi hr_kanarinac
hr_odbojka sq_lojë
sq_qepë hr_češnjak
hr_dizalo sq_ndërtesë
hr_večera sq_ushqim
hr_cvijet sq_orkide
hr_semestar sq_orë
sq_tastierë hr_orgulje
sq_zinxhir hr_kanta
hr_pojam sq_ide
hr_kit sq_gjinkalle
sq_traktor hr_vozilo
hr_grah sq_perime
sq_nofull hr_lice
hr_otpadak sq_copë
hr_igra sq_shah
sq_gabim hr_vladar
sq_luleshtrydhe hr_hrana
sq_mavijosje hr_rana
sq_burri hr_zmija
hr_kiša sq_dush
hr_termin sq_periudhë
sq_pulë hr_hrana
sq_ngarkoj hr_nositi
hr_primirje sq_paqe
sq_violinë hr_instrument
hr_noga sq_gju
sq_ulëras hr_govoriti
sq_motoçikletë hr_vozilo
sq_stoli hr_prsten
hr_vrhunac sq_histori
hr_ruksak sq_kuletë
sq_bashkoj hr_podijeliti
sq_nostalgji hr_sjećanje
hr_pobjeći sq_vrapoj
sq_mbrojtje hr_kaciga
sq_numëroj hr_vrednovati
hr_plamen sq_kënaqësi
hr_zarumeniti_se sq_nxihem
sq_vonoj hr_pokazati
hr_tenor sq_bas
sq_banane hr_voće
hr_regija sq_partner
hr_osoba sq_idhull
sq_trung hr_stablo
hr_otac sq_nënë
hr_promatrati sq_nxihem
sq_kallaj hr_aluminij
hr_brada sq_dhi
sq_biolog hr_kemičar
sq_bizele hr_povrće
sq_e_pëparme hr_pozadina
hr_pšenica sq_drithë
sq_thikë hr_mač
hr_prekinuti sq_filloj
sq_kancer hr_bolest
sq_krah hr_koža
sq_hedh hr_baciti
sq_fuçi hr_pištolj
hr_dati sq_marr
hr_prsa sq_gji
sq_peshk hr_ventil
sq_qëlloj_ hr_promašiti
hr_prijatelj sq_armik
hr_dvanaest sq_numër
sq_bllokadë hr_prepreka
sq_mustaqe hr_dlaka
sq_princ hr_kapetan
hr_pliskavica sq_balenë
sq_armik hr_prijatelj
hr_životinja sq_qengj
sq_armik hr_protivnik
sq_elefant hr_sisavac
sq_dorashka_pa_gishta hr_rukavica
hr_vodik sq_helium
hr_insekt sq_mushkonjë
sq_çel hr_klokan
hr_motor sq_tren
sq_emocion hr_osjećaj
hr_usta sq_univers
hr_skalpel sq_mjet
sq_bulevard hr_ulica
sq_ndajfolje hr_riječ
sq_përfitoj hr_nabaviti
hr_štap sq_kërcell
hr_zakonodavstvo sq_legjion
sq_shtrat hr_spavaonica
sq_tërheq hr_gurnuti
hr_sjena sq_dritë
hr_kombi sq_automjet
sq_projektues hr_tvorac
sq_numër hr_osam
hr_jetra sq_biolog
hr_kanta sq_fuçi
hr_kupus sq_sallatë
sq_plutoni hr_planet
sq_agim hr_zalazak
hr_zahod sq_aligator
sq_tenor hr_bas
sq_pushoj hr_trčanje
sq_pranoj hr_zanemariti
hr_razlog sq_shkak
hr_ubrzati sq_ndërtoj
hr_trokut sq_formë
sq_ngjit hr_sići
hr_prositi sq_pi_me_gllënka
hr_autoritet sq_pushtet
sq_futboll hr_sport
hr_slika sq_televizion
hr_nastaviti sq_thyej
sq_anë_e_djathtë_e_anijes hr_krma
hr_nezaposlenost sq_punësim
hr_princeza sq_princ
hr_crijevo sq_stomak
sq_shkarravis hr_pisati
hr_krivnja sq_pafajësi
hr_krilo sq_lëkurë
hr_leđa sq_sup
sq_peni hr_novčić
hr_poruka sq_shënim
sq_armë hr_oružje
hr_vrpca sq_linjë
hr_duga sq_qiell
sq_përkrenare hr_džep
hr_uspon sq_zbritje
hr_bijes sq_zemërim
sq_person hr_gost
hr_krokodil sq_kafshë
hr_društvo sq_organizatë
hr_čekić sq_mjet
hr_čeljust sq_fytyrë
sq_koment hr_odgovor
hr_aroma sq_mëngë
hr_kokice sq_ushqim
sq_saksofon hr_tretman
sq_dymbëdhjetë hr_broj
sq_sallë hr_prolaz
hr_brašno sq_dasmë
hr_obrazovanje sq_perandori
sq_flas_nën_zë hr_zviždati
hr_radnica sq_kameriere
hr_oružje sq_kamë
hr_leopard sq_tigër
hr_model sq_shembull
hr_hrvanje sq_sport
sq_kështjellë hr_dom
sq_vëlla hr_sestra
hr_kljova sq_elefant
hr_vratiti sq_dërgoj
hr_bundeva sq_kungull
sq_xhol hr_karta
hr_torbica sq_kamerier
hr_sir sq_gjalpë
hr_ustav sq_dokument
sq_murgeshë hr_monah
hr_pila sq_vegël
sq_krah hr_zrakoplov
hr_kofein sq_problem
hr_srna sq_kafshë
sq_shërbim hr_pogreška
hr_kuk sq_trup
sq_gotë hr_ormar
hr_golf sq_lojë
hr_voda sq_pellg
sq_pambuk hr_materijal
sq_fjalim hr_predavanje
hr_smjesa sq_zgjidhje
hr_ulica sq_karkalec
hr_tresti sq_fundos
hr_domaći sq_detyrë
hr_rog sq_dem
sq_shembull hr_instanca
sq_sanduiç hr_hrana
sq_i_lënduar hr_uzrujati
hr_dlaka sq_gjitar
hr_flanel sq_material
sq_shpinë hr_rame
sq_makth hr_san
sq_pafajësi hr_grožđe
sq_kafshë hr_gmaz
sq_trup hr_leš
hr_odred sq_grup
hr_dragulj sq_gurë_i_çmuar
hr_zima sq_stinë
sq_histori hr_pripovijest
hr_uzeti sq_rrëmbej
sq_përziej hr_skrenuti
hr_miš sq_kafshë
hr_nadražiti sq_shpenzoj
sq_lëng hr_mlijeko
hr_slon sq_gjitar
hr_šunka sq_ushqim
hr_natrag sq_përpara
hr_profesionalac sq_ekspert
hr_flota sq_marinë
hr_odsutnost sq_mjekësi
hr_namještaj sq_karrige
sq_etapë hr_stadij
sq_shkëput hr_pričvrstiti
sq_nomad hr_osoba
hr_tikvica sq_ushqim
sq_sup hr_tijelo
sq_vetull hr_lice
sq_kryetar_bashkie hr_osoba
sq_organ_ligjvënës hr_vlada
hr_trešnja sq_hardhi
hr_popeti_se sq_zbres
hr_osjećaj sq_ankth
hr_mir sq_luftë
hr_bršljan sq_bimë
sq_pajisje hr_kralježnica
sq_gjuhe hr_komunikacija
sq_oxhak hr_labud
hr_kiselina sq_guaskë
sq_pres hr_oklijevati
sq_pjeshkë hr_kruška
hr_trčati sq_hidhem
sq_bashkëshorte hr_umjetnost
hr_ljiljan sq_bimë
hr_guma sq_material
hr_držati sq_pres
sq_busull hr_instrument
hr_povrće sq_domate
hr_vikati sq_flas
sq_harroj hr_poreći
sq_fryj hr_puknuti
hr_oštrica sq_kositës
hr_pamuk sq_material
sq_mangustë hr_životinja
sq_alto hr_tenor
hr_sjajiti sq_shndrit
sq_hajdut hr_lopov
sq_gabim hr_greška
sq_njollos hr_obrisati
hr_imenica sq_mbiemër
hr_izračunati sq_shpërndaj
hr_softball sq_futboll
sq_luleshtrydhe hr_voće
hr_braniti sq_njollos
sq_gaforre hr_hrana
hr_vatreno_oružje sq_pushkë
sq_ziej hr_zamrznuti
sq_kokoshka hr_hrana
hr_dati sq_lë
sq_spec_djegës hr_papar
hr_igračka sq_lodër
sq_sulmoj hr_juriš
sq_banjë hr_aligator
hr_ljubomora sq_ndjenje
sq_mama hr_roditelj
sq_të_dhëna hr_informacija
hr_pustiti sq_mbaj
sq_paqe hr_rat
hr_konj sq_gjitar
sq_klient hr_osoba
hr_dizajnirati sq_vizatoj
hr_prihvatiti sq_lejoj
hr_novine sq_oficer
sq_pranoj hr_poreći
sq_rregulloj hr_pričvrstiti
sq_djep hr_kolijevka
hr_pomaknuti sq_qëndroj
hr_šalica sq_enë
hr_naranča sq_pemë
sq_kanabis hr_biljka
sq_atlas hr_enciklopedija
hr_luk sq_ushqim
hr_pjevač sq_dëshmi
sq_periskop hr_podmornica
hr_sotona sq_zot
hr_vijesti sq_informacion
sq_fakultet hr_škola
hr_ubrzati sq_rrit
hr_krater sq_vullkan
sq_thashetheme hr_glasina
sq_smog hr_dostignuće
hr_bilješka sq_shoqëri_studentore
hr_jagoda sq_fruta
sq_mësoj hr_suditi
sq_vathë hr_prsten
sq_lutem hr_gucnuti
hr_prevrnuti sq_mbroj
sq_darkë hr_obrok
sq_shtambë hr_hvatač
sq_trombë hr_instrument
sq_dënim hr_nagrada
sq_zhvilloj hr_naučiti
hr_kovčeg sq_çantë
sq_zhytem hr_plivati
sq_i_ulur hr_stajanje
sq_pjesë hr_postotak
sq_pinguin hr_ptica
hr_košarka sq_sport
sq_proshutë hr_hrana
hr_bolest sq_kancer
sq_nesër hr_jučer
hr_proizvod sq_shumë
hr_matematika sq_shkencë
hr_baseball sq_lojë
hr_činiti sq_jam
sq_helm hr_otrov
hr_želja sq_sulm
sq_material hr_guma
sq_ndërtesë hr_konstrukcija
sq_fajësoj hr_staviti
hr_zaposlenik sq_punëtor
hr_tijelo sq_kufomë
hr_lipa sq_nikel
sq_vegël hr_alat
hr_tuga sq_baba
hr_madrac sq_shtrat
hr_vrlina sq_cilësi
sq_prek hr_uštipnuti
hr_voda sq_lëng
hr_limuzina sq_makinë
hr_trava sq_palcë
hr_razbojnik sq_errësirë
sq_dhimbje_koke hr_simptom
sq_bisturi hr_instrument
hr_klub sq_organizatë
hr_rak sq_ushqim_deti
sq_urrej hr_odraziti
hr_buktinja sq_flakë
sq_kriket hr_igra
hr_sporazum sq_stol
hr_hir sq_tendencë
hr_kuhalo sq_sobë
hr_vrana sq_zog
hr_ciljati sq_synoj
sq_karburant hr_automobil
sq_tradhtar hr_lopov
hr_udar sq_godas
hr_direktor sq_dirigjent
hr_sokol sq_shqiponjë
sq_linjë hr_mast
hr_osjećaj sq_ekstazë
sq_ekstazë hr_stanje
sq_pjeshkë hr_voće
sq_lavë hr_stijena
sq_dimër hr_period
hr_kofein sq_çaj
hr_hobotnica sq_krijesë
sq_dizenjoj hr_crtati
hr_trgovina sq_dyqan
sq_kivi hr_voće
hr_vrč sq_enë
hr_udio sq_përqindje
sq_shndrit hr_sjajiti
sq_thua hr_kandža
sq_legjislaturë hr_legija
hr_klub sq_grup
hr_kuća sq_strukturë
sq_helmetë hr_zaštita
hr_uskratiti sq_refuzoj
sq_makinë_shkrimi hr_stroj
hr_zaboraviti sq_mohoj
hr_zadovoljstvo sq_tufë
hr_neslaganje sq_konflikt
sq_ekspert hr_profesionalac
sq_shtëpi hr_palača
hr_tema sq_temë
sq_mendim hr_vjerovanje
hr_trešnja sq_fruta
hr_pingvin sq_kafshë
sq_mace hr_životinja
sq_kafshë hr_poruka
hr_lijes sq_arkivol
hr_pero sq_zog
sq_hekur hr_čelik
sq_dhé hr_zemlja
sq_polic hr_zakon
hr_janje sq_dele
sq_kafshë hr_patka
hr_zima sq_verë
sq_avancoj hr_povlačiti_se
hr_ubrzati sq_pranoj
hr_kriviti sq_pi
sq_shtoj hr_pomnožiti
sq_krevat_bebesh hr_liječenje
hr_omesti sq_mbaj
sq_pretendoj hr_namočiti
hr_bendžo sq_instrument
hr_stoka sq_tufë
sq_bimë hr_životinja
hr_bolest sq_sëmundje
hr_gusak sq_zog
hr_odbiti sq_pranoj
hr_oružje sq_shpatë
hr_prikupiti sq_marr
hr_pingvin sq_zog
sq_troftë hr_riba
sq_jelek hr_košulja
hr_ići sq_shkarkoj
sq_zbritje hr_rezidencija
hr_dijamant sq_margaritar
hr_životinja sq_mesazh
sq_metal hr_društvo
sq_çekiç hr_alat
hr_smijati_se sq_qaj
sq_xhevahir hr_dragulj
hr_sjediti sq_rehatohem
sq_kohë hr_prostor
sq_punonjës hr_radnik
hr_pijuckati sq_pi
sq_përshpejtoj hr_povećati
hr_pridjev sq_folje
sq_mohoj hr_zaboraviti
hr_bogatstvo sq_pasuri
hr_blato sq_dheu
sq_zvarranik hr_životinja
hr_pokajanje sq_faj
hr_zadirkivati sq_performoj
sq_sirtar hr_stol
hr_mač sq_armë
hr_tikva sq_perim
hr_oko sq_fytyrë
hr_pozicija sq_vendndodhje
sq_luftë hr_anatomija
sq_mjekim hr_saksofon
hr_majka sq_baba
hr_poručnik sq_guxim
hr_večera sq_sirtar
sq_dashuri hr_osjećaj
hr_pogubiti sq_vras
hr_vrijeme sq_epokë
sq_ujëvarë hr_tenis
hr_zarez sq_shenja_pikësimi
hr_tkivo sq_kockë
hr_patka sq_kafshë
hr_boca sq_enë
hr_pocrvenjeti sq_sqaroj
sq_orë hr_život
sq_amator hr_stručnjak
sq_këmbëz hr_pištolj
hr_erodirati sq_ngacmoj
sq_këmbë hr_biljka
sq_çrregullim hr_red
hr_lipa sq_peni
sq_këshilloj hr_podučavati
sq_ndjenje hr_tjeskoba
sq_ulem hr_ljenčariti
sq_titull hr_tehnika
hr_odvijač sq_mjet
hr_plivač sq_vrapues
hr_sljedbenik sq_udhëheqës
sq_forcë hr_gravitacija
hr_otrov sq_helm
hr_pjesnik sq_shkrimtar
sq_debat hr_razgovor
sq_smog hr_zagađenje
sq_vendim hr_osuda
hr_komentar sq_përgjigje
hr_kompas sq_instrument
hr_aritmetika sq_marule
sq_tra_ hr_potpora
hr_pjevati sq_performoj
sq_hipotezë hr_teorija
sq_sulmoj hr_ukloniti
sq_ndryshoj hr_uvjeriti
sq_karkalec hr_cvrčak
sq_sfurk hr_alat
sq_lëviz hr_istovariti
sq_shkëlqen hr_odražavati
sq_largoj hr_iseliti
hr_prisjetiti_se sq_kërkoj
sq_teknikë hr_znanje
sq_vidhi hr_hrast
hr_kuhati sq_ngrij
sq_magjistare hr_posao
sq_vërej hr_ubiti
hr_sreća sq_emocion
hr_govor sq_gjuhë
sq_kuptim hr_sloboda
sq_luan hr_tigar
sq_gjel hr_pile
hr_pogledati sq_shikoj
hr_dijete sq_bijë
sq_ishull hr_zemlja
hr_znanost sq_gjeologji
hr_baciti sq_mërzis
hr_korporacija sq_biznes
hr_liječenje sq_terapi
sq_automjet hr_kamion
sq_guri hr_nakit
sq_kërkoj hr_podsjetiti
sq_pushtoj hr_savladati
hr_porota sq_gjykatë
hr_oboa sq_instrument
sq_mish_viçi hr_hrana
sq_artikulacion hr_prst
hr_sjever sq_jug
sq_peshkaqen hr_riba
sq_qëllim hr_dlijeto
hr_rame sq_trup
hr_dupin sq_gjitar
sq_mosmarrëveshje hr_sukob
sq_gjeologji hr_znanost
hr_manjina sq_tualet
hr_sok sq_pije
hr_roniti sq_notoj
hr_nevjerica sq_besim
hr_predvorje sq_ndërtesë
sq_qen hr_sisavac
sq_profesion hr_posao
hr_vijak sq_kyç
hr_članak sq_gisht
sq_gaz hr_automobil
sq_lagje hr_područje
hr_bogatstvo sq_varfëri
sq_shef hr_rukovoditelj
sq_partner hr_brak
hr_poučiti sq_informoj
sq_nxis hr_predložiti
sq_terren hr_zemlja
hr_aritmetika sq_matematikë
hr_reminiscencija sq_kujtim
hr_krađa sq_shtim
hr_blato sq_fe
sq_largohem hr_kontrolirati
hr_bjelančevina sq_mish
sq_argjend hr_metal
hr_skup sq_banket
sq_huazoj hr_gnjaviti
sq_diktator hr_vladar
hr_biolog sq_kimist
sq_jug hr_sjever
hr_tlo sq_tokë
hr_korov sq_helm
sq_bri_dreri hr_jelen
sq_rrugicë hr_put
sq_drejtor hr_dirigent
hr_bakar sq_bronz
sq_punëtor hr_farmer
sq_nëntë hr_broj
sq_kthej hr_poslati
sq_perandor hr_vladar
hr_mandarina sq_bërthamë
hr_ulica sq_rrugë
sq_oficer hr_zakon
hr_nevjesta sq_mbledhje
sq_qytetar hr_osoba
sq_qëllim hr_uspjeh
hr_kobasica sq_ushqim
sq_anarki hr_nered
sq_skuadër hr_tim
hr_pričvrstiti sq_lidh
hr_pjevušiti sq_fishkëllej
hr_pisaći_stroj sq_makineri
sq_them hr_preporučiti
sq_mushkonjë hr_insekt
hr_antilop sq_material
sq_bakër hr_bronca
sq_valixhe hr_torba
hr_gripa sq_sëmundje
hr_poklopac sq_aparat_fotografik
sq_aspirinë hr_lijek
sq_rrëshqas hr_lebdjeti
hr_trijem sq_shtëpi
hr_usluga sq_gabim
hr_gutati sq_shpërdoroj
sq_kërkoj_falje hr_uvjeriti
hr_skalpel sq_instrument
hr_prsluk sq_triko
sq_delfin hr_sisavac
hr_kćer sq_bir
sq_kalë hr_konj
sq_gejzer hr_fontana
hr_emocija sq_ndjenjë
sq_drekë hr_večera
hr_vrlina sq_peizazh
sq_ngjitje hr_silazak
hr_zaboraviti sq_zvogëloj
hr_kava sq_qumësht
sq_pirun hr_moda
hr_oklop sq_breshkë
hr_sisavac sq_elefant
sq_kirurgji hr_odmor
hr_štene sq_kafshë
sq_këngëtar hr_dokaz
sq_grabitës hr_tama
hr_janje sq_kafshë
sq_gjeometri hr_matematika
hr_škamp sq_ushqim_deti
sq_simptomë hr_bolest
sq_kafe hr_mlijeko
hr_nož sq_shpatë
sq_taksi hr_taksi
sq_këpurdhë hr_hrana
hr_slagalica sq_mjet
hr_taksi sq_taksi
hr_leksikon sq_libër
hr_nogomet sq_basketboll
sq_pranoj hr_obnoviti
hr_utvara sq_shpirt
sq_pallto hr_kamin
hr_aleja sq_rrugë
sq_skulpturë hr_crtež
hr_hokej sq_sport
sq_qera hr_ugovor
hr_imenica sq_fjalë
sq_fitimtar hr_pobjednik
sq_papë hr_vođa
hr_aritmetika sq_trigonometri
sq_qershi hr_voće
hr_salata sq_ushqim
sq_koncept hr_ustav
sq_temë hr_tema
hr_ceremonija sq_teh
hr_torta sq_ushqim
sq_krem_karamel hr_zgrada
sq_blu hr_boja
sq_ngacmoj hr_nastupati
sq_hajdut hr_bolest
sq_ijë hr_tijelo
sq_pagesë hr_stanarina
sq_përtyp hr_mljeti
hr_traktor sq_automjet
sq_kryeartikull hr_novine
hr_žena sq_art
sq_grua hr_muž
sq_kokërr hr_trešnja
sq_noçkë hr_slon
sq_nuse hr_vjenčanje
sq_ujë hr_tekućina
hr_težina sq_sasi
sq_viç hr_životinja
hr_gradonačelnik sq_person
sq_piktor hr_umjetnik
sq_mandarinë hr_voće
sq_mërzit hr_računati
sq_gomë hr_materijal
sq_sëpatë hr_alat
hr_razbiti sq_shkërrmoq
hr_uvrijediti sq_lëndoj
hr_deblo sq_oazë
hr_plodovi_mora sq_midhje
sq_amator hr_raj
sq_liri hr_sloboda
hr_barakuda sq_peshk
sq_zog hr_gusak
hr_akson sq_neuron
sq_vras hr_ubiti
sq_rrugicë hr_cesta
sq_supë hr_juha
sq_mikroskop hr_teleskop
hr_priznati sq_mohoj
sq_kuzhinë hr_spavaonica
hr_pregledati sq_kërkim
sq_gjuhë hr_usta
sq_kasap hr_pekar
sq_vendos hr_dati
hr_sport sq_sëpatë
hr_ručak sq_violinë
hr_lopov sq_sëmundje
hr_alt sq_tenor
hr_pokret sq_lëvizje
hr_ugrabiti sq_kap
sq_djathë hr_maslac
hr_stupac sq_letër
hr_drug sq_shok
hr_napustiti sq_kontrolloj
hr_špic sq_laps
hr_procijeniti sq_arsyetoj
sq_vras hr_ugušiti
sq_ankth hr_osjećaj
hr_skakavac sq_bulkth
sq_formulë hr_pekar
hr_prilog sq_fjalë
sq_tetë hr_broj
sq_ruaj hr_slomiti
hr_podmornica sq_anije
hr_mrdnuti sq_kthej
sq_komplot hr_planirati
hr_lopatica sq_vegël
hr_jezgra sq_qelizë
hr_stetoskop sq_instrument
hr_tragedija sq_komedi
sq_aligator hr_gmaz
hr_slomiti sq_shpjegoj
sq_gojë hr_lice
hr_zvijezda sq_guaskë
sq_akciza hr_porez
hr_koza sq_kec
hr_sarma sq_ushqim
sq_liroj hr_zadržati
hr_profesor sq_fakultet
sq_besim hr_praznovjerje
hr_rog sq_makinë
hr_rubac sq_rrobë
hr_pivo sq_pije
sq_jetë hr_postojanje
hr_pramac sq_anë_e_majtë_e_anijes
hr_instrument sq_kitarë
hr_pogoršati sq_harroj
sq_matës hr_nogostup
sq_vendos hr_ljuljati
sq_makinë hr_vlak
hr_uzeti sq_mbaj
sq_produkt hr_luka
hr_tekućina sq_tastierë
sq_hedh hr_živcirati
hr_bubnuti sq_bluaj
sq_gatuaj hr_spaliti
hr_stvorenje sq_ujk
sq_azot hr_kisik
hr_misliti sq_dyshoj
sq_toger hr_hrabrost
sq_zemëroj hr_potrošiti
sq_udhëheqje hr_sposobnost
sq_ceremoni hr_diploma
sq_nënë hr_žena
sq_shes hr_kupiti
hr_dokaz sq_përgjigje
sq_fjalor hr_jezik
hr_dom sq_pallat
sq_siguri hr_opasnost
hr_pedala sq_biçikletë
sq_tru hr_pokret
hr_ljubav sq_ndjenjë
hr_konobarica sq_punëtor
hr_požurivati sq_sugjeroj
hr_službenik sq_person
hr_deblo sq_lëndë_druri
hr_tetka sq_planet
sq_heq_dorë hr_poraziti
hr_poslužiteljica sq_kameriere
sq_detyrë_shtëpie hr_naputak
hr_dupin sq_oksigjen
sq_pishtar hr_svjetlo
sq_luftë hr_sukob
hr_nož sq_kamë
sq_rubin hr_dragulj
hr_vrijeme sq_hapësirë
hr_organ sq_veshkë
hr_dotaknuti sq_pickoj
hr_gljiva sq_përbindësh
hr_modrica sq_plagë
sq_javë hr_godina
hr_dužnost sq_detyrim
sq_birrë hr_alkohol
sq_rrugë hr_avenija
hr_preporučiti sq_them
hr_uspjeti sq_dështoj
sq_profesor hr_fakultet
sq_çantë_shpine hr_torbica
sq_idhull hr_mač
hr_liječenje sq_saksofon
hr_lord sq_zonjë
hr_frustrirati sq_irritoj
hr_nokat sq_gishti_këmbës
sq_dhelpër hr_životinja
sq_mbret hr_vođa
sq_simbol hr_slovo
sq_azi hr_afrika
sq_fije hr_nit
hr_vjera sq_fe
sq_lodër hr_igračka
sq_mish_derri hr_prase
hr_šupljina sq_dhëmb
hr_raj sq_ferr
hr_odgovor sq_pyetje
hr_glava sq_pil
hr_kirurg sq_mjek
sq_kulm hr_vrh
sq_kungull hr_povrće
hr_dojam sq_akt
sq_ekzekutiv hr_šef
sq_basketboll hr_sport
sq_balenë_e_vogël hr_kit
sq_ndarje hr_skupina
sq_pendim hr_krivnja
sq_përshkruaj hr_objasniti
sq_punëtor hr_mehaničar
sq_piano hr_instrument
sq_qymyrxhi hr_radnik
hr_bor sq_pemë
hr_luk sq_hudhër
hr_ruž sq_klasë
hr_djevojka sq_person
hr_naušnica sq_unazë
hr_deterdžent sq_pastrues
hr_dodati sq_zbres
sq_pjesëmarrje hr_izgled
hr_kriviti sq_vë
sq_perim hr_špinat
sq_zgjerim hr_dodatak
hr_udariti sq_kërcej
hr_mjesto sq_zonë
hr_banket sq_festë
hr_izvan sq_brenda
hr_poručnik sq_oficer
sq_pashkë hr_praznik
sq_përkeqësoj hr_raspadati_se
hr_vila sq_shtëpi
sq_arrij hr_povećati
sq_melodi hr_napjev
hr_tvar sq_ujë
hr_miris sq_parfum
hr_zora sq_muzg
sq_bijë hr_žensko
sq_bombardoj hr_bacati
sq_arsim hr_carstvo
sq_hapësirë_dere hr_ulaz
sq_aeroplan hr_letjelica
sq_cung hr_stablo
hr_pogledati sq_zgjas
hr_podijeliti sq_gris
hr_predsjednik sq_udhëheqës
sq_kurbë hr_praznovjerje
hr_hamburger sq_ushqim
hr_uređaj sq_frigorifer
