tr_yemin_etmek it_promettere
it_lavorare_a_maglia tr_dokuma
tr_mus it_cibo
tr_proje it_elemento
it_tristezza tr_baba
it_penna tr_filo
it_guardare tr_germek
tr_atlet it_atleta
tr_araç it_pala
tr_söz_vermek it_scalare
tr_naylon it_cotone
tr_suçlamak it_accusare
tr_deniz_tarağı it_frutti_di_mare
it_gufo tr_kuş
it_comprendere tr_çatırtatmak
tr_bitki it_animale
tr_tezgahtar it_lavoratore
it_aggiornare tr_bilgi_vermek
tr_ayarlamak it_dondolare
tr_gemi it_veicolo
it_tamia tr_sincap
tr_yokluk it_medicina
tr_konuk it_persona
tr_martı it_uccello
tr_zincir it_legame
tr_teknik it_conoscenza
tr_çilek it_cibo
tr_diş it_sega
tr_kavanoz it_contenitore
tr_kısıtlama it_regola
tr_aroma it_manica
it_metro tr_birim
tr_not it_comunità_di_donne
tr_atıcı it_ricevitore
it_mammifero tr_köpek
it_eroina tr_kadın
tr_canını_yakmak it_insultare
it_toccare tr_sıvazlamak
it_cono tr_şekil
it_persona tr_konuşmacı
tr_fit it_misura
it_diario tr_dergi
tr_hizmet it_sbaglio
it_chip tr_bilgisayar
tr_grup it_coro
tr_memur it_polizia
it_cascata tr_nehir
tr_hırsızlık it_aggiunta
tr_evre it_stadio
tr_ışık it_aura
tr_kılıç it_arma
it_anatomia tr_bilim
tr_bitki it_rapa
tr_kanıt it_risposta
it_camera_da_letto tr_ev
tr_kanepe it_sedia
tr_hokey it_frase
tr_gökkuşağı it_cielo
it_ciabattino tr_turta
tr_yiyecek it_torta
tr_öğüt_vermek it_parlare
tr_göz_atmak it_guardare
tr_makarna it_cibo
tr_bira it_bevanda
tr_lekelemek it_pulire
it_tacco tr_uyluk
it_partire tr_bırakmak
it_pace tr_ateşkes
tr_cihaz it_forno
it_padella tr_tabak
it_virgola tr_noktalama
tr_değer it_quantità
tr_levrek it_pesce
it_addome tr_vücut
tr_psikoloji it_scienza
tr_balina it_cricket
it_cascata tr_tenis
tr_başarısız_olmak it_operare
tr_eklem it_dito
tr_cam it_armadietto
tr_kış it_stagione
it_spalla tr_dirsek
tr_rakı it_alcol
tr_bölmek it_ottenere
tr_balina it_mammifero
tr_karın it_corpo
it_prova tr_cevap
tr_yılan it_debolezza
tr_yön_vermek it_mirare
it_muratore tr_işçi
tr_toprak it_terra
tr_ayrılmak it_arrivare
it_tessuto tr_cilt
it_anello tr_takı
it_fango tr_din
tr_lolipop it_caramella
it_peperoncino tr_gıda
tr_bilim it_anatomia
tr_primat it_animale
tr_topuk it_piede
tr_turna it_uccello
tr_satmak it_riconoscere
it_vocabolario tr_konuşma
it_padre tr_anne
it_credito tr_böğürtlen
it_lettera tr_alfabe
tr_küpe it_gioielli
tr_karışım it_soluzione
it_furto tr_suç
tr_jip it_veicolo
tr_anne it_femmina
tr_kız it_persona
it_spruzzare tr_dökmek
tr_tava it_piatto
it_scultura tr_sanat
tr_pizza it_cibo
it_intestino tr_mide
it_agrume tr_ağaç
tr_kari it_marito
tr_söylemek it_suggerire
it_camionetta tr_araç
tr_bıçak it_spada
it_incontro tr_konferans
tr_takipçi it_capo
tr_cesaret it_coraggio
tr_tutar it_totale
tr_su it_sostanza
tr_içecek it_bevanda_frizzante
tr_turp it_pianta
tr_tornavida it_strumento
it_cozza tr_tarak_kabuğu
tr_kare it_forma
it_orecchio tr_kafa
it_scimmia tr_mizah
tr_düşman it_amico
tr_seçim it_processo
tr_bina it_grattacielo
tr_un it_impasto
tr_jambon it_cibo
it_movimento tr_aktivite
it_marrone tr_yeşil
tr_toplantı it_conferenza
tr_yoğurt it_cibo
tr_çizgili_sincap it_scoiattolo
it_benzina tr_araba
tr_çalışan it_muratore
it_edera tr_bitki
it_serpente tr_sürüngen
it_rame tr_pirinç
it_pala tr_kova
it_eseguire tr_şarkı_söylemek
it_colomba tr_kuş
tr_sanmak it_pensare
tr_olay it_biancheria
tr_galip it_vincitore
tr_kadın it_eroina
it_lama tr_çim_biçici
tr_tilki it_animale
it_rivista tr_kitap
tr_sardalya it_cibo
tr_birleştirmek it_dividere
it_debolezza tr_kuvvet
it_avena tr_tahıl
it_atleta tr_sporcu
it_sintomo tr_hastalık
tr_askı it_reggiseno
tr_futbol it_pallacanestro
it_nucleo tr_hücre
it_fango tr_kir
it_sopraffare tr_üzmek
it_professore tr_profesyonel
it_camicia_da_notte tr_iç_çamaşırı
it_zucchine tr_yiyecek
tr_işçi it_datore_di_lavoro
tr_kemik it_tessuto
it_raccogliere tr_almak
tr_maksimum it_estremità
tr_barış it_guerra
tr_incir it_cibo
it_protezione tr_kask
tr_konuşmak it_bussare
it_pubertà tr_dönem
tr_tosbağa it_animale
tr_makine it_computer
tr_hap it_farmaco
tr_kaz it_uccello
it_punta tr_kılıç
it_gilet tr_gömlek
tr_durmak it_iniziare
tr_boşluk it_ratto
tr_el it_braccio
tr_sekiz it_numero
tr_dergi it_pubblicazione
it_apparecchio tr_fırın
tr_inek it_animale
tr_tabure it_inizio
it_andare_alla_deriva tr_hareket_etmek
tr_bakmak it_strabuzzare_gli_occhi
tr_fermuar it_pantaloni
tr_soyguncu it_fuorilegge
it_castello tr_ev
it_correre tr_atlamak
it_ridurre tr_küçültmek
it_plutone tr_gezegen
tr_toplum it_gruppo
tr_kuyruk it_acqua
it_birra tr_sıvı
tr_düşman it_avversario
tr_kız_evlat it_figlio
tr_bayan_garson it_cameriere
tr_ons it_misura
tr_sürüklenmek it_muoversi
tr_formül it_panettiere
it_rosa tr_mor
tr_yeşil it_giallo
it_atto tr_dram
it_rettile tr_hayvan
it_penna_d'oca tr_kirpi
tr_fıçı it_contenitore
tr_gelin it_raduno
it_ala tr_cilt
tr_geliştirmek it_imparare
it_balena tr_kriket
it_ala tr_melek
it_labbro tr_dil
tr_çekirge it_grillo
tr_oyuncular it_mostrare
tr_çocuk it_figlia
tr_akciğer it_organo
tr_kraliçe it_doccia
it_sottrarre tr_çarpmak
it_spada tr_silah
tr_liderlik it_capacità
it_umano tr_ansiklopedi
tr_midilli it_cavallo
it_autorità tr_güç
it_cervello tr_hareket
it_legislatura tr_lejyon
it_immagine tr_televizyon
it_formaggio tr_tereyağı
tr_silmek it_catturare
it_softball tr_spor
it_poltrona tr_mobilya
it_piede tr_ölçü
it_scadenza tr_periyod
it_aggettivo tr_fiil
it_hockey tr_cümle
it_cannone tr_tabanca
tr_araba it_veicolo
tr_mavi it_colore
tr_gömlek it_microscopio
tr_yönetici it_persona
it_torrente tr_su
it_almanacco tr_kitap
tr_mantar it_mostro
tr_umut it_disperazione
it_strabuzzare_gli_occhi tr_bakmak
it_camion tr_araç
it_carne tr_insan
tr_üzüntü it_gioia
tr_malzeme it_pelle
it_coro tr_grup
tr_devlet_başkanı it_capo
it_prendere tr_kapmak
tr_dikkat it_focus
tr_mikroskop it_telescopio
it_tuffarsi tr_yüzmek
tr_kabul_etmek it_permettere
tr_kafa it_puntina
tr_ceza it_ricompensa
tr_ruj it_classe
it_cambiare tr_ikna_etmek
it_ceppo tr_ağaç
tr_kafa it_corpo
it_pidocchio tr_böcek
tr_izlenim it_viale
it_pidocchio tr_pire
tr_çalışan it_cameriera
tr_somon it_pesce
it_astronomia tr_bilim
it_gettare tr_atmak
it_piuma tr_kuş
it_cappotto tr_şömine
it_vite tr_çivi
it_festa tr_etkinlik
it_nuotatore tr_koşucu
tr_sabır it_impazienza
tr_jet it_aereo
it_ascendere tr_ayrılmak
tr_kumaş it_seta
tr_durum it_stato
it_svago tr_spor
tr_aritmetik it_matematica
tr_teknisyen it_lavoratore
tr_açılış it_ingresso
tr_sallanmak it_mettere
it_persona tr_yayımcı
tr_ebeveyn it_famiglia
it_strada tr_karides
tr_almak it_agguantare
it_balena tr_mağara
it_poesia tr_nesir
it_serpente tr_hayvan
it_figura tr_hurma
it_stella tr_deniz_kabuğu
tr_klavye it_computer
it_amore tr_duygu
tr_kovmak it_reprimere
it_inizio tr_son
it_accordo tr_anlaşmazlık
tr_zarf it_sostantivo
it_trattore tr_araç
it_stetoscopio tr_alet
it_rimuovere tr_boşaltmak
it_prezzemolo tr_gıda
it_quadrato tr_dikdörtgen
tr_köpek it_animale
it_scheggia tr_parça
tr_bina it_cattedrale
it_pensare tr_şüphelenmek
tr_film it_sole
it_intelligenza tr_bilgi
tr_kırpmak it_calzare
it_sedia tr_mobilya
tr_parti it_evento
tr_uzman it_professionista
it_regina tr_duş
it_trota tr_balık
tr_sıkı_tutmak it_scricchiolare
it_sottrazione tr_konak
it_gru tr_kuş
it_fantasma tr_ruh
it_dizionario tr_kitap
tr_hesap it_lattuga
tr_kıskançlık it_sensazione
it_liquido tr_madde
it_senso tr_saçmalık
tr_bisiklet it_veicolo
tr_hastalık it_malattia
tr_zevk it_mandria
tr_üstlenmek it_presumere
it_mollusco tr_midye
tr_yazmak it_parlare
it_edificio tr_katedral
it_bollettino tr_haberler
it_compiti_a_casa tr_proje
it_talpa tr_hayvan
it_prugna tr_ağaç
it_comando tr_katman
it_mousse tr_yiyecek
it_tamburo tr_müzik_aleti
it_madre tr_baba
it_deteriorare tr_unutmak
tr_prosedür it_lacrima
it_ala tr_yarasa
tr_taklit_yapmak it_inzuppare
tr_yardım_etmek it_aggiungere
it_autostrada tr_yol
tr_meyve it_ciliegia
it_racquetball tr_spor
it_avanzare tr_geri_çekilmek
it_dovere tr_yükümlülük
it_biologo tr_kimyager
it_accettare tr_reddetmek
it_foca tr_uçurtma
tr_azot it_ossigeno
tr_kestane_rengi it_colore
it_madre tr_kadın
it_strega tr_iş
it_sconfiggere tr_vazgeçmek
it_scalino tr_merdiven
it_ravanello tr_havuç
it_vescovo tr_kral
tr_obua it_strumento
it_ombrello tr_koruma
it_gallone tr_pint
it_calcio tr_spor
it_lava tr_kaya
tr_pişmanlık it_rimorso
tr_karakter it_personalità
tr_ot it_pianta
it_suolo tr_duş
it_aspettare tr_kaçırmamak
it_professore tr_fakülte
it_valore tr_miktar
tr_kişi it_lettore
it_fagiolo tr_yiyecek
tr_gökdelen it_edificio
tr_rakun it_animale
it_gufo tr_hayvan
it_vincitore tr_kaybeden
it_compito tr_gündelik_iş
tr_yarasa it_animale
tr_safir it_gemma
it_nemico tr_timsah
tr_görev it_obbligo
it_somma tr_toplam
it_risposta tr_cevap
tr_ciddiyet it_sincerità
it_malattia tr_sağlık
tr_timsah it_animale
tr_biftek it_cibo
it_anatra tr_kuş
it_comunicazione tr_dil
tr_zırh it_attico
it_mettere tr_vermek
it_leopardo tr_kaplan
it_sostantivo tr_sözcük
tr_subay it_legge
it_fratello tr_kız_kardeş
tr_araba it_limousine
tr_çekmece it_credenza
it_professionista tr_uzman
it_nylon tr_malzeme
it_costruire tr_mola
it_amico tr_düşman
it_prendere tr_tutmak
it_insalata_di_cavolo tr_yiyecek
it_barracuda tr_balık
tr_spatula it_utensile
it_parlare tr_tartışmak
tr_bacak it_ginocchio
it_sensazione tr_coşku
it_acqua tr_sıvı
it_pesce tr_köpekbalığı
it_parete tr_bariyer
tr_yumruklamak it_colpire
it_seta tr_pamuk
tr_tampon it_auto
it_scritto tr_şiir
tr_kemik it_mascella
tr_program it_elenco
tr_kurbağa it_animale
it_alcol tr_madde
tr_kâşif it_scienziato
it_cibo tr_sosis
tr_yatak_odası it_casa
it_deserto tr_vaha
it_mettere tr_fırlatmak
it_lago tr_su
tr_kız_kardeş it_relazione
it_crepuscolo tr_zenginlik
tr_şafak it_tramonto
tr_böcek it_insetto
tr_günlük it_rivista
it_cipolla tr_sarımsak
tr_bilgi it_istinto
it_eroe tr_kötü_adam
it_affermare tr_söylemek
tr_satmak it_acquistare
it_uragano tr_hortum
it_cavalletta tr_kriket
tr_kişi it_persona_che_parla
tr_yengeç it_animale
tr_daktilo it_macchina
tr_güney it_direzione
it_monaco tr_hasım
tr_erkek it_femmina
tr_kaz it_tacchino
it_atlante tr_ansiklopedi
tr_lamba it_tavolo
tr_kanat it_angelo
tr_kızdırmak it_eseguire
it_fuori tr_içeri
tr_baba it_antenato
it_cuore tr_akıl
tr_çocuk it_famiglia
it_globo tr_küre
tr_muhallebi it_cibo
it_telefono tr_cihaz
it_esperto tr_profesyonel
it_labbro tr_ağız
tr_duygu it_ansia
it_melma tr_yapışkan_madde
it_nemico tr_düşman
it_odiare tr_yansıtmak
it_cucinare tr_yakmak
it_zaffiro tr_taş
it_prendere_a_pugni tr_vurmak
it_arrossire tr_bronzlaşmak
tr_ansiklopedi it_libro
it_ratto tr_hayvan
tr_tetik it_pistola
tr_farz_etmek it_pensare
it_principessa tr_prens
tr_hazine it_possesso
tr_limon it_frutta
tr_saat it_vita
it_balena tr_memeli
tr_semptom it_malattia
tr_burbon it_alcol
tr_düşürmek it_restringersi
it_minoranza tr_tuvalet
it_neofita tr_yeni_başlayan
tr_kız_evlat it_femmina
it_unire tr_evlenmek
tr_çözümlemek it_sprecare
tr_kedi it_mammifero
tr_kereviz it_cibo
it_rompere tr_çatırdamak
it_bicchiere tr_fincan
tr_git it_congedarsi
tr_migren it_dolore
it_rana tr_hayvan
tr_hastalık it_cancro
it_puzzare tr_yollamak
tr_üçgen it_forma
it_istinto tr_bilgi
tr_otostop_yapmak it_viaggiare
tr_bilgisayar it_macchina
tr_kasırga it_tornado
it_soffiare tr_patlatmak
tr_kalça it_corpo
tr_anlaşma it_disaccordo
tr_numara it_otto
it_furto tr_ilave
it_donna tr_kadın_kahraman
it_naso tr_yüz
tr_çamur it_religione
it_pillola tr_ilaç
tr_onbaşı it_ufficiale
tr_portre it_immagine
tr_sembol it_lettera
tr_kamera it_anatomia
tr_yatak it_camera_da_letto
it_lanciatore tr_yakalayıcı
tr_ipek it_tessuto
it_furgone tr_araç
tr_silah it_spada
it_bambola tr_oyuncak
it_gatto tr_memeli
tr_işe_almak it_ottenere
it_cerchio tr_şekil
tr_vazgeçmek it_modificare
tr_çam it_albero
it_canna tr_tabanca
tr_sürmek it_camminare
it_kiwi tr_meyve
it_palla tr_oyun
it_cavità tr_diş
tr_sandalye it_mobilio
tr_kirlilik it_barca
it_azione tr_stok
it_macchina tr_baharat
it_chimica tr_bıçak
tr_otoban it_strada
it_cura tr_deva
tr_varoluş it_essere
it_morte tr_doğum
it_accelerare tr_kabul_etmek
tr_çıkarmak it_moltiplicare
tr_kuzey it_sud
it_chirurgo tr_doktor
it_uccello tr_kaz
it_pepe tr_tuz
tr_böcek it_zanzara
it_trainare tr_söylemek
tr_uçak it_cannone
tr_suçlama it_mettere
it_reclutare tr_edinmek
tr_taşıt it_motociclo
tr_tamirci it_lavoratore
tr_mektup it_posta
tr_diş_oyuğu it_dente
it_unghia tr_parmak
it_erba tr_bitki
it_popcorn tr_gıda
tr_kadın_kahraman it_donna
it_veranda tr_ev
tr_konuşmak it_discutere
it_atmosfera tr_katil
it_lavastoviglie tr_cihaz
tr_kişi it_ospite
it_spia tr_ajans
it_programma tr_plan
tr_aile it_casa
tr_sempati it_sensazione
it_fare_una_pausa tr_koşmak
tr_kısım it_percentuale
it_dispositivo tr_telefon
tr_daldırmak it_intingere
tr_tavşan it_coniglio
it_farina tr_düğün
tr_bölüm it_gruppo
tr_balina it_grotta
tr_bavul it_borsa
tr_tornavida it_fantasma
tr_ekmek it_cibo
tr_alaca_karanlık it_sera
tr_baba it_violino
tr_mektup it_alfabeto
tr_voleybol it_attività
it_sonetto tr_şiir
tr_çalışan it_falegname
it_cibo tr_turta
tr_hareket_etmek it_scaricare
tr_özgürlük it_libertà
it_rinunciare tr_mağlup_etmek
it_fluido tr_tuş_takımı
tr_sahne it_piattaforma
tr_org it_pianoforte
it_motore tr_tren
tr_karşı_taraf it_coro
tr_öğle_yemeği it_colazione
it_malattia tr_hastalık
it_sostanza tr_su
tr_enstrüman it_tromba
tr_balçık it_melma
it_olimpiadi tr_etkinlik
it_stuzzicare tr_yapmak
it_barattolo tr_kap
it_società tr_grup
tr_kişi it_proprietario
it_cerimonia tr_mezuniyet
it_selezione tr_tercih
tr_biyolog it_chimico
it_rosa tr_şarap
tr_kazanç it_scoppiare
it_tessuto tr_ipek
tr_ameliyat it_vacanza
tr_zayıflık it_forza
it_conflitto tr_anlaşmazlık
it_oca tr_hayvan
it_petto tr_hindi
it_produttore tr_yapıcı
tr_profesyonel it_esperto
it_fragola tr_yaban_mersini
tr_marul it_cibo
tr_görev it_lavoretto
it_segnale tr_trafik_ışığı
tr_şeytan it_dio
tr_kılıç it_spada
it_annunciare tr_söylemek
it_thermos tr_şişe
it_ispezionare tr_incelemek
tr_birlik it_gruppo
tr_tırnak it_artiglio
it_valutare tr_düşünmek
it_gatto tr_görünüm
tr_resim it_televisione
it_metallo tr_toplum
tr_vurmak it_correre
it_destino tr_akış
tr_izin_vermek it_allegare
it_congelatore tr_buzdolabı
tr_konuşmak it_consigliare
it_gioia tr_üzüntü
it_impero tr_krallık
it_tunnel tr_geçit
tr_sonuç it_inizio
it_decomporsi tr_çürümek
tr_üflemek it_far_scoppiare
tr_tonoz it_banca
it_curva tr_batıl_inanç
tr_incir it_data
it_emozione tr_his
it_arancia tr_ağaç
tr_çekmece it_ufficio
it_dare_un'occhiata tr_dik_dik_bakmak
tr_yapmak it_essere
it_rapinatore tr_karanlık
it_ragazza tr_kişi
it_biscotto tr_yiyecek
it_zanzara tr_böcek
tr_koyun it_mandria
it_pinguino tr_hayvan
it_bambino tr_aile
tr_maydanoz it_salvia
it_proteggere tr_savunmak
it_lente_a_contatto tr_lens
tr_bilim it_matematica
tr_mobilya it_letto
tr_saksofon it_trattamento
it_sedano tr_sebze
tr_maymun it_primate
it_afferrare tr_tutmak
tr_sevinç it_tristezza
tr_sinyal it_semaforo
tr_kek it_cibo
it_iglù tr_baraka
tr_bölmek it_aggiungere
tr_içgüdü it_conoscenza
it_ascia tr_araç
tr_vermek it_inviare
tr_yüz_hattı it_viso
it_calcolare tr_hesaplamak
it_periodo tr_ergenlik
it_ombra tr_aydınlık
it_borsa tr_garson
tr_kanat it_pelle
it_verdura tr_ıspanak
it_canarino tr_kuş
tr_zamir it_parola
tr_çap it_lunghezza
it_maschio tr_kadın
tr_pamuk it_tessuto
it_anca tr_eklem
tr_değerlendirmek it_riflettere
tr_cennet it_paradiso
tr_fikir it_pensiero
tr_kuruş it_moneta
it_zaino tr_çanta
tr_yılan it_serpente
tr_akçaağaç it_albero
tr_kızdırmak it_infastidire
it_coro tr_şarkı
tr_sirke it_acido
it_tacchino tr_kuş
it_camicia tr_mikroskop
it_sbaglio tr_cetvel
it_pasta tr_salata
it_sentimento tr_empati
tr_regl it_pubertà
it_ferita tr_yara_
it_grilletto tr_tabanca
it_fare_una_pausa tr_ara_vermek
it_fiume tr_efendi
it_creatura tr_böcek
it_autunno tr_mevsim
it_poliziotto tr_yasa
tr_golf it_gioco
tr_boynuz it_toro
tr_doruk it_storia
it_esistenza tr_hayat
tr_mantar it_cibo
it_granito tr_taş
it_gruppo tr_personel
it_sabbia tr_plaj
it_presumere tr_düşünmek
it_chiudere tr_bitirmek
tr_galon it_misura
it_azoto tr_hidrojen
it_strada tr_otoban
tr_gün_doğumu it_tramonto
it_paradiso tr_cennet
tr_sallamak it_muovere
tr_kobra it_serpente
it_limone tr_narenciye
tr_pire it_insetto
it_orchidea tr_çiçek
tr_yılan it_rettile
it_mezzo_di_comunicazione tr_televizyon
tr_bira it_liquido
tr_vurmak it_mancare
it_stipendio tr_ücret
it_lettera tr_yazı
tr_lobi it_seta
tr_mutfak it_unità
it_nemico tr_arkadaş
it_che_sta_seduto tr_ayakta
it_cerniera tr_pantolon
tr_top it_gioco
tr_hesap it_trigonometria
tr_sığır it_mandria
tr_azınlık it_gabinetto
it_animale tr_sürüngen
it_cacciavite tr_çekiç
tr_baykuş it_uccello
it_sud tr_yön
it_mostrare tr_birleştirmek
tr_kaktüs it_pianta
it_senso tr_özgürlük
tr_akışkan it_acqua
it_corno tr_boğa
it_cadavere tr_vücut
it_nomade tr_kişi
it_medicina tr_hap
tr_egzersiz_yapmak it_lavoro
tr_hükmetmek it_controllare
tr_lahana_salatası it_insalata
it_fluido tr_su
it_fascino tr_cazibe
it_cameriera tr_çalışan
tr_soğan it_cibo
it_tessuto tr_yemek
it_farina tr_ekmek
it_vincitore tr_ezik
it_zanna tr_görev
it_fegato tr_organ
tr_kask it_protezione
tr_protein it_uovo
tr_anatomi it_umano
it_dare tr_almak
it_corvo tr_kuş
tr_tırnak it_dito
tr_almak it_ottenere
it_tenore tr_bas
it_sedersi tr_ayakta_durmak
it_miglio tr_inç
tr_kabul_etmek it_acquistare
it_scuotere tr_hareket
tr_yetki it_potere
tr_coşku it_sentimento
tr_katedral it_ferita
it_arma tr_kılıç
it_unghia_del_piede tr_ayak_parmağı
tr_kulak it_dipendente
it_insetto tr_sivrisinek
tr_kargı it_corno
it_macchina_fotografica tr_anatomi
tr_omuz it_corpo
it_figlio tr_kız_evlat
tr_yayın it_rivista
tr_gen it_cromosoma
it_acido tr_kabuk
tr_memeli it_animale
it_pesca tr_meyve
tr_sarmaşık it_pianta
it_fungo tr_mantar
it_accetta tr_araç
it_uovo tr_mimari
tr_kanarya it_piuma
it_rifiutare tr_kabul_etmek
tr_dönmek it_inviare
tr_omlet it_cibo
tr_mağaza it_negozio
tr_buzdolabı it_palla
tr_fil it_animale
tr_kişi it_editore
it_lumaca tr_cesaret
tr_salon it_passaggio
it_cena tr_yemek
it_raccogliere tr_çevirmek
it_scimmia tr_primat
tr_kum it_spiaggia
it_ravanello tr_sebze
it_staccare tr_ayırmak
it_valvola tr_kalp
it_organo tr_böbrek
it_gravità tr_güç
tr_krallık it_territorio
tr_bisküvi it_cibo
it_toccare tr_kapmak
it_pasto tr_akşam_yemeği
tr_empati it_sensazione
tr_karanlık it_luce
it_falce tr_alet
it_opinione tr_düşünce
it_idea tr_öneri
it_nord tr_güney
it_istruzione tr_imparatorluk
tr_suçluluk it_sensazione
tr_ulaşmak it_aumentare
it_desiderare tr_saldırmak
tr_biçmek it_ottenere
tr_rahip it_rabbino
it_gioielli tr_yüzük
it_dividere tr_elde_etmek
tr_çatışma it_guerra
it_rosa tr_bitki
tr_böbrek it_organo
tr_soğan it_aglio
it_cipolla tr_gıda
it_dodici tr_numara
tr_paket it_busta
tr_üzüm it_estremità
tr_yükselmek it_scendere
it_nicotina tr_tütün
it_ciambella tr_yiyecek
it_fase tr_kademe
it_luogo tr_işaret
it_animale tr_fil
tr_başparmak it_dito
tr_tuvalet it_alligatore
it_religione tr_inanç
tr_eklem it_gomito
tr_kepçe it_pala
it_apparecchio tr_omurga
it_forza tr_güç
tr_kral it_sovrano
tr_beklemek it_esitare
it_antidoto tr_ilaç
it_mollusco tr_gıda
it_aroma tr_kol
tr_turp it_carota
tr_kadın_ it_anello
it_riordinare tr_hazırlamak
tr_ziyafet it_festa
tr_dinozor it_animale
it_saggio tr_paragraf
it_tronco tr_ağaç
it_pelle tr_malzeme
it_torcia_elettrica tr_ajans
tr_serpmek it_versare
it_capra tr_oğlak
it_animale tr_memeli
it_sud tr_kuzey
it_attenzione tr_odak
tr_gazete it_ufficiale
tr_deniz_tarağı it_cibo
it_vendere tr_satın_almak
it_esercizio tr_çalışmak
it_tenente tr_subay
tr_arpa it_cibo
it_palcoscenico tr_soyguncu
it_sorella tr_akrabalık
it_spunto tr_ipucu
it_inserire tr_çarpmak
it_coltello tr_hançer
tr_tutmak it_abbracciare
it_compiti_a_casa tr_iş
it_negare tr_ezmek
tr_dağılmak it_bruciare
it_animale tr_kap
it_mascara tr_ruj
it_cacciavite tr_hayalet
it_gruppo tr_lejyon
it_violino tr_müzik_aleti
tr_inmek it_creare
it_parete tr_departman
it_gruppo tr_koro
it_camera tr_peri_masalı
tr_dağcı it_persona
tr_yapmak it_parlare
tr_koymak it_dare
tr_hayvan it_mammifero
tr_firavun_faresi it_animale
tr_aspirin it_farmaco
it_esploratore tr_denizci
it_pistola tr_silah
it_colpire tr_kaçırmak
it_foca tr_hayvan
it_fronte tr_yüz
it_atomo tr_madde
tr_istif it_pagliaio
tr_cesat it_verbo
tr_silmek it_strofinare
tr_in it_grotta
tr_çiçek it_offesa
tr_eldiven it_guanto
tr_yazı it_storia
it_idolo tr_kılıç
tr_karides it_aragosta
it_calibro tr_kaldırım
tr_kokarca it_animale
it_scongelare tr_erimek
tr_arka it_fronte
tr_plaket it_lapide
tr_fırın it_apparecchio
tr_vermek it_prendere
it_impiegato tr_hesap
tr_kuş_tüyü it_uccello
it_bevanda tr_soda
it_ferire tr_hakaret_etmek
it_banana tr_meyve
it_dinosauro tr_hayvan
tr_kral it_capo
tr_yüzük it_gioielli
it_mensola tr_dolap
tr_ağaç it_foresta
tr_balık it_valvola
it_alligatore tr_hayvan
tr_şirket it_organizzazione
tr_vatandaş it_persona
tr_video it_televisione
tr_evlilik it_ago
it_lavoratore tr_kadın_garson
tr_şato it_casa
tr_heykel it_figura
tr_vida it_chiodo
it_operazione tr_ruh
it_golf tr_oyun
it_aglio tr_soğan
tr_isim it_parola
tr_okuyucu it_persona
tr_kızlar_birliği it_organizzazione
it_puma tr_kedi
it_pelle tr_süet
tr_spor it_ascia
tr_tören it_lama
tr_opossum it_animale
tr_ulaşmak it_costruire
it_cricket tr_spor
it_algebra tr_matematik
it_marciapiede tr_yol
tr_sırt it_corpo
it_pecora tr_koyun
it_intestino tr_karaciğer
it_vicolo tr_yol
tr_köfte it_cibo
tr_çete it_gruppo
tr_dalga it_movimento
it_quercia tr_çam
it_forchetta tr_moda
tr_şekil it_statua
it_estasi tr_duygu
tr_teğmen it_ufficiale
tr_parfüm it_deodorante
it_auto tr_limuzin
it_destino tr_denizci
it_segreta tr_kale
it_mandria tr_grup
tr_protein it_latte
tr_hükümdar it_dittatore
it_distruggere tr_öldürmek
tr_rimel it_rossetto
tr_polis it_legge
tr_eğitim it_impero
it_contea tr_ülke
tr_pis_kokmak it_respingere
it_pastello tr_keçeli_kalem
tr_geri_çekilmek it_discendere
it_foca tr_memeli
it_violino tr_çello
tr_anlam it_assurdità
it_canguro tr_hayvan
tr_doku it_pelle
it_annientare tr_öldürmek
it_respingere tr_baskılamak
it_cotone tr_malzeme
it_parte_posteriore tr_ön
tr_puma it_gatto
it_brillare tr_parlamak
it_opossum tr_hayvan
it_scimmia tr_hayvan
it_giornale tr_memur
tr_kalça it_articolazione
tr_arzu_etmek it_attaccare
it_sinfonia tr_müzik
it_orzo tr_gıda
tr_sürüngen it_animale
tr_katil it_uccisore
it_poliziotto tr_memur
it_flotta tr_donanma
it_figlia tr_oğul
it_toilette tr_timsah
tr_ileti it_nota
it_miele tr_şeker
it_conoscenza tr_içgüdü
it_proteina tr_et
it_marciapiede tr_kaldırım
it_aura tr_ışık
tr_joker it_carta
it_gamba tr_diz
tr_ara_vermek it_spiegare
it_crepuscolo tr_akşam
it_sassofono tr_tedavi
tr_ders it_istruzione
tr_tasarlamak it_costruire
it_grinza tr_cilt
it_pane tr_futbol
tr_lav it_roccia
tr_hipotez it_idea
tr_bulyon it_cibo
it_delfino tr_memeli
it_jazz tr_müzik
tr_atmak it_infastidire
it_satana tr_tanrı
it_fico tr_yiyecek
it_luccio tr_balık
tr_ayırmak it_separare
it_madre tr_yetişkin
it_cerchio tr_çizgi
tr_et_sosu it_sugo
tr_baş_ağrısı it_dolore
it_ballo_studentesco tr_parti
it_triangolo tr_şekil
tr_eskimo_kulübesi it_capanna
tr_arkadaş it_nemico
it_squalo tr_balık
tr_meşale it_luce
tr_çıkarma it_aggiunta
it_tifone tr_fırtına
tr_mırıldanmak it_fischio
it_sentiero tr_leopar
it_verde tr_mavi
tr_kız_kardeş it_comunità_di_donne
tr_panzehir it_cura
it_delfino tr_oksijen
it_guscio tr_kaplumbağa
tr_öğle_yemeği it_cena
tr_duygu it_empatia
it_pallavolo tr_aktivite
tr_böğürtlen it_frutta
it_mito tr_mitoloji
it_barriera tr_duvar
tr_personel it_scuola
tr_saldırı it_rimuovere
it_unire tr_bölmek
tr_bisküvi it_agrume
tr_erik it_albero
it_ruscello tr_oksijen
it_sottaceto tr_yiyecek
it_lanciare tr_atmak
it_apparecchio tr_mikrodalga
it_attività tr_hareket
tr_dirgen it_strumento
tr_patates it_pomodoro
it_sapone tr_temizleyici
it_picca tr_sivri_uç
tr_kavis it_strada
it_lucertola tr_hayvan
it_pedale tr_bisiklet
tr_rotacı it_marinaio
tr_tenor it_perdente
tr_süt it_liquido
tr_cehennem it_inferno
tr_spor it_attività
tr_konuşmak it_comunicare
tr_araba it_treno
it_erba tr_ilik
tr_taslak it_disegno
tr_şapka it_berretto
tr_ayak it_gamba
it_stuzzicare tr_rahatsız_etmek
tr_sürü it_gruppo
it_elemosinare tr_yudum_yudum_içmek
tr_kayıt_etmek it_schiantarsi
tr_yara it_ferita
it_carrozza tr_tren
tr_gün_batımı it_alba
tr_meyve_suyu it_latte
tr_mandalina it_nucleo
tr_kızarmak it_abbronzarsi
tr_akış it_ossigeno
it_dare_da_mangiare tr_açlıktan_ölmek
it_controllare tr_tutmak
it_incarico tr_görev
tr_koruma it_casco
tr_güverte it_nave
tr_dırdır_etmek it_lamentarsi
it_scimmia tr_memeli
it_truffatore tr_hastalık
it_trespolo tr_tünek
tr_çocuk it_genitore
it_negare tr_unutmak
it_mammifero tr_hayvan
it_larghezza tr_yükseklik
it_frantumare tr_çarpmak
tr_sivrisinek it_insetto
tr_kamyon it_veicolo
tr_bira it_alcol
tr_yeniden_düzenlemek it_organizzare
it_empatia tr_his
tr_boynuz it_capra
tr_yanlış* it_errore
it_lingua tr_ağız
tr_skalpel it_strumento
it_gioco tr_satranç
it_disoccupazione tr_istihdam
tr_liderlik it_strato
it_arbusto tr_bitki
tr_yerçekimi it_forza
it_aquila tr_kuş
it_ristabilire tr_kırmak
tr_şiir it_prosa
tr_tuvalet it_comunicazione
it_elefante tr_memeli
tr_çilek it_mirtillo
tr_anatomi it_scienza
tr_masumiyet it_uva
tr_dolap it_stanza
it_forma tr_prizma
tr_sınıf it_gruppo
tr_din it_credenza
tr_kader it_vestito
it_quaglia tr_hayvan
it_bisturi tr_alet
it_pentimento tr_vicdan_azabı
tr_erkek_arkadaş it_amante
tr_yayımcı it_persona
tr_ara_sokak it_strada
tr_imparatorluk it_regno
it_sviluppare tr_öğrenmek
it_valigia tr_çanta
it_caffeina tr_sorun
it_impiegato tr_kişi
it_aereo tr_top
it_posizione tr_yer
it_arancia tr_meyve
tr_atmak it_lanciare
tr_kurul it_gruppo
tr_kıkırdamak it_ridere
it_colt tr_tabanca
it_bacca tr_kiraz
it_mollusco tr_deniz_mahsulü
tr_yol it_autostrada
it_tecnico tr_çalışan
it_viaggiare tr_otostop_yapmak
tr_kasa it_vertice
tr_korumak it_difendere
it_granchio tr_hayvan
tr_panzehir it_medicina
tr_çakılmak it_schiantarsi
it_chimica tr_bilim
tr_muhallebi it_costruzione
it_mal_di_testa tr_ağrı
it_psicologia tr_bilim
tr_mide it_addome
tr_zehir it_veleno
tr_duygu it_gelosia
it_comunità_di_donne tr_organizasyon
tr_baba it_figlio
tr_jant it_ruota
tr_asya it_africa
it_macellaio tr_fırıncı
tr_fincan_tabağı it_piatto
it_giocattolo tr_oyuncak_bebek
tr_gitar it_strumento
it_mora tr_gıda
it_superstizione tr_inanç
tr_çiçek it_orchidea
tr_çekiç it_cancro
tr_yatak it_mobilio
it_stomaco tr_karın
tr_örgü_örmek it_tessere
tr_istismar_etmek it_maltrattare
tr_anlaşma it_panchina
it_figlio tr_ebeveyn
tr_gelin it_nozze
it_lettera tr_karakter
tr_topuk it_stivale
tr_basketbol it_sport
tr_sıfır it_numero
tr_şeftali it_pera
tr_biçmek it_guadagnare
it_anatra tr_hayvan
it_ala tr_uçak
it_succo tr_süt
tr_güncellemek it_far_sapere
tr_kuş it_papero
it_perdita tr_delik
tr_yıldız it_conchiglia
tr_kasap it_panettiere
it_cassetto tr_şifoniyer
tr_taksi it_taxi
it_accettare tr_izin_vermek
it_fare_autostop tr_aramak
it_sub tr_denizaltı
tr_alaca_karanlık it_ricchezza
it_baseball tr_futbol
tr_piramit it_forma
it_scetticismo tr_inanç
tr_yılan it_animale
it_letto tr_yatak_odası
it_ricchezza tr_yoksulluk
it_tesoro tr_mülk
it_quiz tr_test
tr_dişi_geyik it_animale
tr_ilaç it_trattamento
it_lettore tr_kişi
it_supporre tr_düşünmek
it_scamosciato tr_malzeme
tr_goril it_scimmia
it_conclusione tr_başlangıç
it_pistola tr_tabanca
it_geologia tr_bilim
it_pila tr_istif
tr_sebze it_pomodoro
it_volta tr_zirve
tr_tersyüz_etmek it_saltare
tr_prizma it_forma
it_udito tr_görme
it_tastiera tr_bilgisayar
tr_uzatmak it_tirare
it_arachide tr_kaju
it_persona tr_dağcı
tr_oturma_yeri it_trono
tr_konser it_evento
tr_göz_atmak it_fissare
it_palpebra tr_göz
tr_mayonez it_cibo
tr_turta it_cibo
tr_timsah it_rettile
tr_koro it_gruppo
tr_geçit it_cavalletta
tr_konuşmak it_urlare
it_arcobaleno tr_gökyüzü
it_pianta tr_turp
tr_ördek it_animale
it_rinunciare tr_sallamak
it_pagliaio tr_kazanan
tr_çimen it_midollo
tr_hayvan it_ratto
tr_süet it_materiale
tr_kurt it_animale
it_pino tr_ağaç
tr_fırtına it_tifone
tr_iskarmoz_balığı it_pesce
it_cavolo tr_sebze
it_casa tr_yapı
it_gorilla tr_primat
it_obbiettivo tr_başarı
tr_su it_aria
it_pallacanestro tr_aktivite
tr_mermer it_roccia
tr_tabanca it_pistola
tr_korna it_auto
it_oca tr_hindi
tr_cilt it_tessuto
tr_hata it_sovrano
it_granchio tr_gıda
it_camuffare tr_saklamak
tr_kader it_marinaio
it_pasto tr_dolma_kalem
tr_arp it_strumento
it_aspirina tr_ilaç
tr_çekicilik it_attrattività
tr_yumurta it_architettura
it_esplodere tr_yok_etmek
tr_anne it_genitore
it_bambino tr_kız_çocuk
it_oro tr_metal
tr_galip it_perdente
it_spago tr_sicim
it_bestiame tr_sürü
tr_yaratık it_lupo
tr_boğaz it_collo
it_domani tr_dün
tr_hokey it_sport
it_assassino tr_hırsız
it_quadrato tr_çember
it_strumento tr_piyano
it_furia tr_sinir
tr_reddetmek it_accettare
tr_tasarımcı it_creatore
it_disegnare tr_tasarlamak
tr_yemek it_penna
it_risposta tr_soru
it_capo tr_ayak
it_ramoscello tr_dal
tr_uzun_diş it_elefante
tr_talep it_richiesta
tr_ezmek it_rompere
tr_yasaklamak it_impedire
it_rivolgersi tr_ayakta_durmak
it_testimoniare tr_söylemek
tr_beyzbol it_sport
it_rinviare tr_göstermek
it_esploratore tr_bilim_insanı
tr_fasulye it_cibo
it_tessuto tr_kemik
it_ozono tr_atmosfer
tr_soda it_liquido
tr_ev_ödevi it_incarico
it_gin tr_likör
it_progettista tr_yaratıcı
tr_çöl it_oasi
it_re tr_önder
it_diminuire tr_inmek
it_gara tr_yarışma
it_sedano tr_marul
tr_kâtip it_calcolo
it_fallimento tr_başarı
it_marito tr_yılan
tr_isim it_verbo
it_carattere tr_kişilik
it_sindaco tr_kişi
it_abbondanza tr_kıtlık
tr_cennet it_inferno
it_birra tr_alkol
tr_katil it_assassino
tr_anlamak it_valutare
it_corpo tr_ceset
it_riciclare tr_boşa_harcamak
tr_gecelik it_biancheria_intima
it_gamba tr_sandalye
it_destino tr_elbise
it_consigliare tr_konuşmak
it_aritmetica tr_matematik
tr_bulvar it_strada
it_sopracciglio tr_yüz
it_chiedere tr_hatırlamak
it_moglie tr_koca
it_stufa tr_zemin
it_arpa tr_enstrüman
it_concorrenza tr_hesap_makinesi
tr_hareket it_attività
tr_çare it_causa
it_sala tr_geçit
tr_bolluk it_scarsità
tr_trompet it_strumento
tr_köstebek it_animale
tr_patlamış_mısır it_cibo
tr_grup it_legione
tr_kafa it_coda
it_re tr_hükümdar
it_orecchio tr_çalışan
it_reazione tr_etki
it_colpire tr_koşmak
tr_pişirmek it_stufare
it_assicurazione tr_emniyet
it_idrogeno tr_helyum
it_conversazione tr_iletişim
it_rompere tr_açıklamak
it_letto tr_mobilya
it_atlante tr_kitap
it_scoprire tr_bulmak
it_ipotesi tr_fikir
it_trauma tr_durum
it_forma tr_küre
tr_prenses it_principe
tr_algı it_visione
it_caveau tr_banka
tr_mandalina it_frutta
tr_kulak it_capo
tr_aramak it_esaminare
it_perdonare tr_ikna_etmek
it_ammettere tr_inkar_etmek
it_persona tr_kasiyer
it_dire tr_iddia_etmek
it_educare tr_bilgilendirmek
it_parlare tr_bahsetmek
tr_kürek it_secchio
tr_sırt it_spalla
tr_borazan it_strumento
tr_ilaç it_compressa
tr_konuşma it_comunicazione
tr_kahraman it_furfante
it_piccolo_ristorante tr_restoran
tr_helyum it_gas
tr_isim it_aggettivo
tr_şiir it_scritto
tr_reddetmek it_dimenticare
it_serpente tr_zayıflık
tr_icat_etmek it_creare
it_formichiere tr_hayvan
it_legname tr_kereste
it_tennis tr_aktivite
it_tenere tr_vermek
tr_zincir it_secchio
it_acciaio tr_bıçak_ağzı
tr_verim it_posto_a_sedere
tr_duvarcı it_lavoratore
it_forcone tr_karışım
tr_kızarmak it_chiarire
it_ala tr_kuş
tr_gezi it_viaggio
tr_beşik it_culla
tr_erkek_kardeş it_relazione
tr_yaratık it_mostro
it_matrimonio tr_iğne
it_dissolvere tr_azaltmak
it_cammello tr_hayvan
tr_profesör it_facoltà
tr_otomobil it_auto
tr_testere it_strumento
tr_dana_eti it_cibo
it_bocca tr_evren
it_granchio tr_deniz_ürünleri
it_imparare tr_yargılamak
it_catena tr_bisiklet
it_guerra tr_anatomi
tr_arpa it_erba
tr_bilezik it_collana
it_funerale tr_tören
tr_ata it_padre
tr_peynir it_burro
tr_saray it_casa
it_mandorla tr_fıstık
it_persona tr_okuyucu
tr_bal it_zucchero
tr_çalışan it_lavoro
tr_silah it_pugnale
it_bourbon tr_alkol
it_cappello tr_takke
it_schiacciare tr_yıkmak
tr_bakır it_portafoglio
it_nascondere tr_geliştirmek
it_blu tr_renk
tr_müzik_aleti it_tuba
it_selezione tr_süreç
tr_ceset it_trono
tr_kâbus it_sogno
it_regno tr_bölge
it_esistenza tr_olmak
tr_kafa it_freccia
it_muovere tr_çekmek
it_scuotere tr_lavabo
it_sostantivo tr_fiil
it_riso tr_yiyecek
it_superstrada tr_yol
tr_prenses it_fortuna
it_culmine tr_hikaye
it_signore tr_hanımefendi
it_incolpare tr_suçlamak
it_cofanetto tr_kutu
it_parlare tr_bağırmak
it_cassetto tr_büro
it_terapia tr_tedavi
it_sposare tr_evlenmek
tr_tutar it_quantità
it_dimenticare tr_azaltmak
tr_atom it_mitologia
it_gola tr_boyun
tr_geçit it_strada
tr_vatandaş it_venditore
it_mora tr_meyve
tr_karaciğer it_organo
it_programma tr_liste
it_salire tr_alçalmak
tr_orkide it_fiore
tr_kanguru it_animale
it_onda tr_hareket
it_uvetta tr_meyve
it_collana tr_bilezik
tr_bakmak it_valutare
it_costituzione tr_belge
it_adulto tr_çocuk
tr_et_suyu it_cibo
tr_saha it_stadio
it_cigno tr_gezi
tr_zeytin it_cibo
it_impressione tr_bulvar
tr_şafak it_giorno
tr_dergi it_taccuino
tr_trigonometri it_algebra
it_altoparlante tr_cehennem
tr_hamburger it_uccello
tr_anlaşmazlık it_conflitto
tr_tehlike it_rischio
it_polpetta tr_gıda
tr_acı_biber it_cibo
it_guadagnare tr_patlamak
tr_sabun it_detergente
it_sgabello tr_tuvalet
tr_daire it_forma
it_piacere tr_sürü
tr_geri_dönüşüm it_sprecare
it_lavoratore tr_marangoz
it_ricevere tr_elde_etmek
tr_darbe_vurmak it_annientare
it_libro tr_atlas
it_cittadino tr_satış_elemanı
it_forno tr_cihaz
tr_kız it_donna
it_ragazza tr_kadın
it_tronco tr_vaha
tr_bit it_pulce
it_placca tr_anıt
tr_misket_limonu it_frutta
it_ottenere tr_artırmak
tr_kaburga it_animale
tr_kabiliyet it_comando
tr_topuk it_scarpa
tr_el_çantası it_ciotola
tr_tereyağı it_crema
tr_hedef it_successo
tr_meşe it_collana
tr_üzüm it_cibo
tr_yerdomuzu it_animale
it_paraurti tr_araba
it_talento tr_kabiliyet
tr_soyguncu it_buio
tr_patlama it_rumore
tr_iletişim it_linguaggio
it_presidente tr_lider
it_daino tr_hayvan
it_articolazione tr_dirsek
tr_şair it_persona
tr_konu it_tema
it_osso tr_çene
tr_sormak it_elemosinare
it_sgabello tr_başlangıç
it_nemico tr_hasım
it_piede tr_inç
it_obbiettivo tr_keski
it_dodici tr_çok_sayı
it_lingua tr_boğaz
tr_şekil it_sfera
tr_sahne it_rapinatore
tr_oğul it_figlia
it_sfrattare tr_hareket_etmek
tr_yaratık it_insetto
tr_akışkan it_tastiera
tr_melodi it_motivo
it_torta tr_gıda
tr_bacak it_braccio
tr_göl it_acqua
it_rubino tr_kristal
tr_dışkı it_gabinetto
tr_ada it_terra
it_gamberetto tr_deniz_mahsulü
it_virtù tr_manzara
tr_koşmak it_saltare
it_veicolo tr_motosiklet
it_dare_istruzioni tr_bilgilendirmek
tr_eğitmek it_far_sapere
it_assassino tr_katil
tr_düşünce_paylaşmak it_uccidere
tr_komutan it_capo
it_ridacchiare tr_gülmek
it_proprietario tr_kişi
tr_tuba it_strumento
tr_amatör it_esperto
it_macchina tr_bilgisayar
it_strofinare tr_tutmak
it_inverno tr_mevsim
it_maccheroni tr_yiyecek
it_ingoiare tr_satmak
tr_kader it_ruscello
it_cigno tr_hayvan
it_miscela tr_çözüm
it_pranzo tr_akşam_yemeği
it_separare tr_bölmek
tr_oturmak it_stare_in_piedi
it_pittore tr_sanatçı
it_chiedere tr_yalvarmak
it_pipistrello tr_hayvan
tr_akşam_yemeği it_pasto
tr_deterjan it_detersivo
it_cristo tr_isa
tr_çekmece it_scrivania
tr_jeoloji it_scienza
tr_kamyonet it_veicolo
tr_yüzgeç it_pesce
it_matematica tr_bilim
tr_yaka it_collo
tr_kaynatmak it_congelare
it_servizio tr_hata
tr_gövde it_oasi
tr_güney it_nord
tr_gizlemek it_nascondere
tr_birleştirmek it_mescolare
it_frutta tr_kiraz
tr_kare it_cerchio
it_pala tr_alet
tr_arka it_parte_anteriore
it_dare_la_colpa tr_koymak
it_materasso tr_ilave
it_cittadino tr_kişi
tr_çilek it_frutta
it_abbracciare tr_tutmak
it_imparare tr_geliştirmek
it_presidente tr_önder
it_elio tr_gaz
it_concerto tr_etkinlik
it_anatomia tr_insan
it_animale tr_kuzu
tr_bakır it_bronzo
it_veicolo tr_araba
it_quadrato tr_şekil
tr_keşfetmek it_trovare
it_malattia tr_kanser
it_desiderare tr_ayırmak
it_fragola tr_meyve
it_cantante tr_kanıt
tr_saç it_mammifero
tr_bacak it_coscia
tr_koca it_serpente
tr_satürn it_venere
it_mensola tr_kabine
tr_lider it_re
tr_veranda it_casa
tr_bölme it_fiaba
tr_karides it_frutti_di_mare
tr_puding it_dolce
tr_fil it_mammifero
tr_top it_pistola
it_suora tr_keşiş
it_atrio tr_ipek
tr_yetişkin it_bambino
it_sottrazione tr_toplama
tr_cenaze it_cerimonia
it_rovesciare tr_atlamak
it_crema_pasticciera tr_gıda
it_trave tr_destek
tr_çatal it_moda
tr_yenmek it_rinunciare
tr_cebir it_matematica
it_balcone tr_veranda
tr_almak it_conservare
tr_hareket it_rimanere
it_lattuga tr_yiyecek
it_inquinamento tr_tekne
it_innocenza tr_üzüm
it_zucca tr_gıda
it_bevanda tr_bira
it_distruggere tr_tadına_bakmak
tr_sigara it_tabacco
it_edificio tr_gökdelen
it_valutare tr_yargılamak
it_rame tr_cüzdan
tr_dört it_due
tr_sabah it_intelligenza
it_elefante tr_ders
tr_egzersiz it_attività
it_assumere tr_düşünmek
it_medicazione tr_tedavi
it_cavallo tr_takım
it_pesce tr_kapak
tr_galon it_pinta
tr_gösterge it_orchidea
it_sollecitare tr_önermek
tr_ressam it_artista
it_dito tr_başparmak
tr_uç it_ago
it_assumere tr_varsaymak
it_concerto tr_gösteri
it_femmina tr_bilezik
tr_kazıcı it_lavoratore
tr_satürn it_pianeta
tr_piyano it_strumento
it_competizione tr_yarışma
tr_ürün it_porto
tr_tutmak it_controllare
tr_ısrar_etmek it_dire
it_persona tr_göçebe
tr_meşe it_pino
it_raccogliere tr_seçmek
tr_baca it_cigno
it_carità tr_iyilik
tr_bardak it_tazza
tr_damat it_nozze
tr_otomobil it_veicolo
tr_çamur it_sporco
tr_hayvan it_agnello
tr_yok_etmek it_uccidere
tr_mühür it_aquilone
tr_kızılgerdan it_uccello
tr_bilim it_geologia
tr_mil it_pollice
tr_sızıntı it_buco
it_nota tr_mesaj
tr_prestij it_stato
tr_resim it_immagine
it_lampada tr_masa
it_pulire tr_ovmak
it_coltello tr_kılıç
it_dilettante tr_uzman
it_caffeina tr_çay
it_nove tr_numara
it_architettura tr_yapı
tr_hesap_makinesi it_computer
tr_dokunmak it_afferrare
it_cerniera tr_kapı
tr_kare it_rettangolo
it_incapacità tr_kabiliyet
it_cerimonia tr_bıçak
it_contratto tr_anlaşma
it_cattedrale tr_bina
it_guardare tr_göz_atmak
it_banda tr_grup
it_avvenimento tr_keten
it_guardare tr_değerlendirmek
tr_hindi it_uccello
it_aggettivo tr_sözcük
tr_oyun it_scacchi
tr_karaciğer it_cuore
it_culla tr_beşik
tr_şelale it_fiume
it_giove tr_plüton
tr_geometri it_matematica
it_rinunciare tr_değiştirmek
it_cadavere tr_taht
tr_yunus_balığı it_mammifero
it_argento tr_altın
tr_araç it_auto
it_muffola tr_eldiven
tr_menteşe it_cancello
it_camino tr_kuğu
tr_çıkarma it_villa
it_simbolo tr_harf
tr_batıl_inanç it_credenza
tr_saksofon it_strumento
it_partire tr_varmak
it_estremità tr_bacak
it_detergente tr_temizleyici
tr_madde it_acqua
tr_kaz it_biologia
tr_formül it_equazione
tr_rehin it_prigioniero
it_lentiggine tr_leke
tr_bit it_insetto
tr_küre it_sfera
tr_sözleşme it_accordo
tr_fil it_lezione
it_tessuto tr_organ
tr_uyarmak it_consigliare
tr_telefon it_dispositivo
tr_böğürtlen it_cibo
tr_gaz it_automobile
it_cavolfiore tr_brokoli
tr_evren it_mondo
tr_portakal it_frutta
it_falco tr_kartal
it_venire tr_ayrılmak
tr_kuru_üzüm it_frutta
tr_limon it_agrume
it_laurea tr_tören
it_mucchio tr_saman_yığını
it_rivista tr_yayın
tr_kavramak it_tenere
it_pettirosso tr_kuş
it_raccontare tr_önermek
it_cotone tr_kumaş
it_educare tr_öğretmek
it_ridere tr_ağlamak
it_schizzo tr_çizim
it_punta tr_ok
tr_ödeme it_affitto
it_persona tr_mal_sahibi
tr_reddetmek it_fermare
it_casco tr_koruma
tr_sözlük it_libro
it_uva tr_yiyecek
it_pelle tr_saç
tr_kâtip it_persona
it_staccare tr_iliştirmek
tr_seçim it_scelta
it_borsetta tr_kase
tr_eğitmek it_insegnare
tr_hayvan it_contenitore
it_vitello tr_et
it_mestolo tr_kürek
it_storia tr_mücevher
it_gamba tr_kol
it_rapinatore tr_haydut
it_settimana tr_başlangıç
tr_tavuk it_cibo
tr_karabiber it_sale
it_musica tr_ses
it_contadino tr_çalışan
it_rilasciare tr_tutmak
it_tragedia tr_komedi
tr_çakıl it_pietra
tr_iblis it_diavolo
it_laccio tr_ayakkabı
tr_virgül it_punteggiatura
tr_görev it_compiti_a_casa
tr_on_iki it_numero
tr_yengeç it_frutti_di_mare
tr_kilit it_porta
tr_yetkinlik it_guerra
it_clacson tr_araba
tr_tutmak it_ostacolare
tr_ok it_ferita
tr_reddetmek it_schiacciare
tr_makale it_paragrafo
tr_dudak it_bocca
tr_doku it_osso
tr_nokta it_matita
tr_gülmek it_piangere
tr_kanat it_aereo
tr_ceset it_corpo
it_sega tr_alet
it_polso tr_kol
it_medico tr_cerrah
it_aiutare tr_eklemek
it_cratere tr_volkan
tr_kriket it_sport
tr_alabalık it_pesce
it_moglie tr_yüzük
tr_şüphelenmek it_pensare
it_dondolare tr_ayarlamak
it_prosciutto tr_yiyecek
it_riconoscere tr_yok_saymak
it_prezzemolo tr_adaçayı
tr_atlas it_enciclopedia
it_amaca tr_yatak
it_caverna tr_mağara
it_editore tr_kişi
it_jolly tr_kart
tr_kolye it_braccialetto
tr_ağaç it_pianta
it_uccidere tr_boğmak
it_colpevolezza tr_masumiyet
tr_marangoz it_lavoratore
tr_karga it_uccello
it_tempo tr_mekan
tr_bölge it_compagno
tr_alt it_sottomarino
it_formula tr_fırıncı
tr_mezar_taşı it_tomba
it_strappare tr_almak
tr_parmak it_pollice
it_dritta tr_iskele
it_violino tr_enstrüman
it_pranzo tr_kahvaltı
tr_raf it_armadietto
tr_enstrüman it_pianoforte
it_fiore tr_orkide
it_lanciare tr_duraklatmak
it_trombone tr_müzik_aleti
tr_koşucu it_atleta
it_martello tr_alet
it_cricket tr_oyun
tr_pirinç it_cibo
it_test tr_sınav
tr_softbol it_sport
tr_hizmetçi it_cameriera
it_strumento tr_gitar
it_persona tr_idol
it_inventare tr_yapmak
tr_travma it_condizione
tr_çiçek it_canguro
it_andarsene tr_kalmak
tr_dudak it_lingua
it_piattino tr_tabak
it_incarico tr_ev_ödevi
tr_yatak it_aggiunta
tr_senfoni it_musica
tr_aslan it_tigre
it_ossigeno tr_su
tr_heykel it_disegno
it_stella tr_sembol
tr_hayır it_gentilezza
it_competenza tr_savaş
it_pinna tr_balık
it_nave tr_araç
tr_katedral it_edificio
it_pizza tr_yiyecek
it_fungo tr_iyilik
it_eseguire tr_konuşmak
it_trama tr_plan
it_creatura tr_kurt
it_vendere tr_kabul_etmek
tr_gül it_vino
tr_çekirdek it_cellula
tr_zeka it_conoscenza
it_taxi tr_taksi
it_nemico tr_karşı_taraf
tr_yıkmak it_uccidere
it_sassofono tr_müzik_aleti
it_luce tr_atmosfer
tr_sabah it_notte
it_movimento tr_hareket
it_sbaglio tr_hata
tr_değişik_olmak it_concordare
tr_ilerlemek it_prendere
it_serratura tr_kapı
it_procedura tr_operasyon
it_oritteropo tr_hayvan
tr_kafein it_té
it_strumento tr_skalpel
tr_tecavüz it_crimine
tr_çevirmek it_girare
tr_takı it_anello
it_creatore tr_sanatçı
it_macchiare tr_silmek
tr_deniz_ürünleri it_cozza
it_ragazza tr_oğlan
it_diamante tr_inci
tr_satranç it_gioco
it_gruppo tr_çete
tr_alto it_voce
tr_topuk it_coscia
tr_gökdelen it_incontro
it_atomo tr_mitoloji
tr_at it_squadra
tr_gül it_pianta
tr_ergenlik it_gioventù
tr_filo it_marina
it_occupazione tr_iş
it_integrare tr_karıştırmak
tr_buzul it_iceberg
it_rima tr_akşam_yemeği
it_minatore tr_işçi
tr_toplamak it_fare_girare
tr_astronomi it_scienza
it_computer tr_makine
it_sintomo tr_orkide
it_punto tr_iğne
it_pisello tr_gıda
it_contralto tr_ses
it_capire tr_değerlendirmek
it_cactus tr_bitki
it_competenza tr_kabiliyet
it_mestiere tr_örme
it_catena tr_kova
tr_kavram it_costituzione
it_catena tr_kilit
tr_horoz it_pollo
tr_nikotin it_tabacco
tr_zenginlik it_povertà
tr_sallamak it_affondare
tr_raf it_guardaroba
tr_kivi it_frutta
tr_kitap it_atlante
tr_fikir it_suggerimento
tr_düşünmek it_sospettare
it_buio tr_aydınlık
tr_cerrah it_medico
tr_amatör it_paradiso
tr_açıklamak it_esprimere
it_figura tr_heykel
it_rifiutare tr_durmak
tr_akson it_neurone
tr_öğrenmek it_giudicare
it_compagno tr_evlilik
it_cotone tr_polyester
it_girare tr_farklılık_göstermek
it_metodista tr_vaftiz_eden_kimse
tr_uç it_spada
tr_gövde it_albero
it_pesce tr_levrek
it_re tr_kraliçe
tr_et_suyu it_minestra
it_comitato tr_grup
it_ghiacciaio tr_buzdağı
tr_saklamak it_sviluppare
tr_kulüp it_confraternita
tr_şekil it_triangolo
it_apparecchio tr_bulaşık_makinesi
tr_madenci it_lavoratore
it_violino tr_keman
it_sgranocchiare tr_kırmak
tr_tabak it_cucchiaio
tr_tarih it_gioiello
tr_kalp it_intelletto
it_pasticcino tr_gıda
tr_davul it_strumento
tr_yeşil it_blu
tr_iş it_compiti_a_casa
it_personale tr_okul
it_piolo tr_merdiven
it_corno tr_keçi
it_settimana tr_ay
tr_balo it_festa
it_scoppio tr_gürültü
it_abusare tr_kötü_davranmak
it_biscotto tr_gıda
it_quercia tr_kolye
it_fissare tr_iliştirmek
it_brontolare tr_şikayet_etmek
it_moglie tr_sanat
it_fungo tr_canavar
it_sedile tr_taht
it_seta tr_kumaş
tr_maymun it_mammifero
tr_başarmak it_fallire
it_bestia tr_canavar
tr_dokunmak it_dare_una_pacca
tr_bağırsak it_fegato
it_pane tr_yiyecek
tr_pis_koku it_odore
tr_çil it_macchia
tr_arzu_etmek it_separare
it_benedizione tr_onay
it_ritirarsi tr_inmek
tr_çarpmak it_macinare
tr_peçete it_pasto
it_dilettante tr_cennet
it_brezza tr_rüzgar
it_pugnale tr_silah
tr_mantar it_gentilezza
tr_kartal it_uccello
it_pioggia tr_duş
tr_dönem it_periodo
it_curva tr_yol__
it_fiore tr_suç
it_cucina tr_birim
tr_kereste it_legname
tr_hipotez it_piscina
tr_ağaç it_legna
it_persona_che_parla tr_kişi
it_medicina tr_ilaç
tr_kürek it_strumento
tr_çekiştirmek it_tirare
it_cobra tr_yılan
it_canna tr_org
tr_vazgeçmek it_sconfiggere
it_persona tr_davetli
it_prendere tr_yakalamak
it_presente tr_gelecek
tr_ebeveyn it_relazione
tr_deri it_scamosciato
tr_buz_çözme it_sciogliersi
it_geologia tr_düşünce
tr_zambak it_pianta
tr_varsaymak it_pensare
tr_basamak it_scalinata
tr_kişi it_idolo
it_raziocinare tr_tartışmak
it_toccare tr_sıkmak
tr_mimari it_struttura
tr_bak it_allungare
tr_otostop_yapmak it_chiamare
it_ciliegia tr_meyve
tr_kuvvet it_potere
it_pazienza tr_sabırsızlık
it_mobilio tr_yatak
tr_araç it_camion
it_tostapane tr_alet
tr_araba_bagajı it_auto
tr_gece it_giorno
tr_nehir it_signore
it_ingoiare tr_atık
tr_turna_balığı it_pesce
tr_koni it_forma
it_proteina tr_yumurta
it_tastiera tr_org
tr_hamur_işi it_cibo
tr_fare it_animale
it_venditore tr_kişi
tr_belediye_başkanı it_persona
it_figlia tr_kadın
it_disaccordo tr_fikir_ayrılığı
it_pace tr_savaş
tr_matara it_bottiglia
tr_anne it_adulto
tr_dokunmak it_pizzicare
tr_klavye it_braccio
tr_ay it_anno
tr_insan it_enciclopedia
tr_parlamak it_risplendere
it_professionista tr_amatör
it_uomo tr_kadın
tr_boru it_strumento
it_strada tr_yol
tr_dirgen it_miscela
it_papero tr_kuş
tr_kırmak it_schiacciare
tr_ekmek it_panino
tr_kova it_secchio
tr_amatör it_possesso
tr_yemek it_cena
tr_karavan it_veicolo
tr_yasama_organı it_legione
tr_öğretmen it_professionista
it_torcia tr_ışık
it_porzione tr_yüzde
tr_toplamak it_sottrarre
tr_sakal it_capra
it_puzzola tr_hayvan
it_attaccare tr_kaldır
tr_inanmama it_credenza
it_patata tr_domates
tr_on_sent it_nichelino
it_tartaruga tr_hayvan
it_panchina tr_oturma_yeri
it_nuotare tr_koşmak
it_fratello tr_akrabalık
tr_bıçak it_pugnale
it_famiglia tr_ev
tr_sokak it_viale
tr_kadın_garson it_lavoratore
tr_su it_pozzanghera
it_branzino tr_balık
it_antidoto tr_çare
tr_trombon it_strumento
tr_balkon it_veranda
tr_basamak it_scala
it_esercizio tr_aktivite
tr_un it_pane
it_colpa tr_duygu
it_bara tr_tabut
it_risaia tr_pirinç
tr_fare it_roditore
tr_fil it_ufficiale
it_sport tr_aktivite
it_tempo tr_çağ
tr_eklemek it_moltiplicare
tr_kaldırım it_marciapiede
it_burro tr_krema
tr_kaygı it_sentimento
it_carota tr_yiyecek
tr_karayolu it_strada
tr_karıncayiyen it_animale
tr_düzensizlik it_ordine
it_albero tr_bitki
it_caporale tr_subay
tr_duygu it_estasi
tr_hitap_etmek it_stare_in_piedi
it_materiale tr_naylon
tr_elmas it_perla
it_guardare tr_kısık_bakmak
it_forfora tr_tane
it_frigorifero tr_top
it_dissentire tr_anlaşmak
it_osservare tr_yanık_ten
it_accettare tr_onarmak
it_esercito tr_demokrasi
it_otto tr_numara
it_azoto tr_oksijen
tr_beyzbol it_calcio
tr_çıkmak it_partire
tr_malzeme it_nylon
tr_oyuncak it_bambola
tr_ara_vermek it_interrompere
tr_malzeme it_gomma
tr_jüpiter it_plutone
it_prugna tr_armut
tr_oksijen it_acqua
it_fare_girare tr_döndürmek
it_scherzo tr_şaka
tr_bak it_dare_un'occhiata
tr_çiftçi it_lavoratore
tr_gecikme it_fretta
it_aggiungere tr_çıkarmak
tr_çimdiklemek it_toccare
it_farina tr_hamur
tr_yemek it_spuntino
it_folla tr_grup
it_restrizione tr_kural
tr_enstruman it_bisturi
tr_rahibe it_softball
tr_teyze it_pianeta
it_guida tr_kitap
it_simpatia tr_duygu
it_corno tr_müzik_aleti
it_cancro tr_hastalık
tr_siğil it_neo
tr_parmak it_guanto
it_caratteristica tr_yüz
it_rene tr_organ
it_gene tr_kromozom
tr_güvercin it_uccello
it_lavoratore tr_tamirci
it_saturno tr_venüs
it_cantare tr_sahnelemek
tr_sandviç it_cibo
it_seta tr_malzeme
tr_boru it_organo
tr_elmas it_gemma
tr_enstrüman it_chitarra
it_argomento tr_tema
tr_başarısızlık it_successo
tr_kazanmak it_ottenere
tr_altın it_metallo
tr_ayak it_pollice
tr_sarımsak it_cipolla
it_canarino tr_kuş_tüyü
tr_albay it_ufficiale
it_raggiungere tr_kurmak
tr_savunma it_attacco
it_viale tr_yol
tr_demir it_acciaio
tr_çeltik it_riso
tr_kereviz it_lattuga
tr_burun it_viso
it_rame tr_bronz
tr_ısrar_etmek it_suggerire
tr_çare it_rimedio
it_assenza tr_ilaç
it_cibo tr_arpa
it_dipendente tr_işveren
it_morte tr_son
it_palazzo tr_ev
it_ipotesi tr_havuz
it_cavolo tr_yiyecek
it_birra tr_içecek
it_comandante tr_lider
it_parlare tr_tavsiye_vermek
it_equipaggio tr_çete
it_vincitore tr_kazanan
tr_konser it_esecuzione
it_guadagnare tr_elde_etmek
tr_düşman it_coccodrillo
tr_kış it_estate
tr_kısık_bakmak it_guardare
it_apparecchio tr_buzdolabı
tr_öğle_yemeği it_violino
it_pollo tr_gıda
it_dieci_centesimi tr_beş_sent
it_ostaggio tr_esir
tr_ağırlık it_quantità
tr_bütünlük it_lavoratore
tr_geçit it_tartaruga
tr_kil it_mattone
it_meccanico tr_çalışan
tr_zindan it_castello
tr_alet it_microonde
tr_ölüm it_fine
tr_sanatçı it_creatore
it_canoa tr_tekne
tr_yüzmek it_correre
it_principessa tr_talih
it_parlare tr_vurmak
tr_skalpel it_canarino
it_sommare tr_hesaplamak
tr_sone it_poesia
tr_şarkıcı it_prova
tr_başkan it_capo
tr_yutmak it_sprecare
tr_ayırtmak it_tenere
tr_emniyet it_pericolo
tr_atlas it_libro
it_cambiare tr_değiştirmek
tr_vurmak it_esplodere
it_pecora tr_sürü
tr_hanım it_castello
tr_iz_sürmek it_seguire
tr_tüfek it_pistola
it_acquistare tr_satın_almak
tr_ateş it_acqua
tr_dere it_acqua
it_osservare tr_durmak
it_ferro tr_çelik
it_inferno tr_cehennem
it_casco tr_cep
it_creare tr_inşa_etmek
it_mandarino tr_meyve
tr_hesaplamak it_consegnare
it_urtare tr_sıkıştırmak
tr_kılavuz it_libro
it_maiale tr_et
tr_unutmak it_diminuire
tr_örnek it_esempio
it_culla tr_tedavi
it_messaggio tr_not
tr_dana_eti it_carne
it_alligatore tr_sürüngen
tr_kişi it_nomade
it_focus tr_dikkat
it_fegato tr_biyolog
tr_kapak it_occhio
tr_öğle_vakti it_giorno
tr_zaman it_spazio
it_accelerare tr_inşa_etmek
it_equipaggio tr_grup
it_mal_di_testa tr_semptom
it_smettere tr_başlamak
tr_tornavida it_martello
it_centesimo tr_bozuk_para
tr_mezuniyet it_cerimonia
tr_beklemek it_sequestrare
tr_genişlik it_altezza
tr_makine it_spezia
tr_grup it_personale
it_saturno tr_gezegen
tr_fitil it_candela
it_genitore tr_çocuk
it_topo tr_kemirgen
it_budino tr_tatlı
tr_yağmur it_doccia
it_padre tr_keman
tr_hayvan it_rettile
tr_solmak it_diminuire
tr_nefret_etmek it_riflettere
tr_banyo it_vasca
it_allungare tr_çekmek
it_rifiutare tr_lekelemek
it_banchetto tr_parti
tr_sokak it_via
it_boccia tr_bowling
tr_batı it_direzione
tr_atmak it_fare_una_pausa
tr_fıstık it_anacardo
tr_fırlatmak it_gettare
tr_baykuş it_animale
tr_kase it_bowling
it_ovest tr_yön
it_spalla tr_vücut
tr_tayfa it_banda
it_capacità di_comando tr_kabiliyet
it_ispezionare tr_aramak
it_gas tr_otomobil
tr_dondurucu it_frigorifero
tr_cin it_liquore
tr_ayak_bileği it_gamba
tr_banço it_strumento
tr_müzik it_suono
tr_erkek_arkadaş it_fidanzata
it_sposa tr_düğün
it_sedano tr_yiyecek
tr_hamburger it_cibo
it_prestazione tr_oturma_yeri
tr_makarna it_insalata
it_riservare tr_tutmak
it_gomito tr_kol
tr_dil it_bocca
tr_afet it_tragedia
it_crema_pasticciera tr_bina
it_fronte tr_arka
it_zanna tr_fil
it_uovo tr_süt
it_buio tr_flanel
tr_kriket it_gioco
tr_hafta it_mese
it_libro tr_ansiklopedi
it_gorilla tr_kuyruksuz_maymun
it_mattina tr_gece
tr_tavşan it_sinagoga
it_sigaretta tr_tütün
it_pubblicazione tr_dergi
it_lecca-lecca tr_şeker
it_insalata_di_cavolo tr_salata
tr_içecek it_birra
it_destino tr_kader
tr_aktivite it_movimento
tr_tepki it_domanda
it_rubino tr_mücevher
it_falegname tr_çalışan
tr_dergi it_libro
it_vitello tr_yiyecek
tr_kafa it_piede
it_mammifero tr_fil
tr_muz it_frutta
tr_meme it_petto
tr_alın it_viso
tr_almak it_aumentare
tr_ölüm it_nascita
tr_güç it_argilla
it_profitto tr_zarar
tr_kral it_monarca
it_pony tr_at
it_cassetto tr_sıra
tr_dışarı it_dentro
tr_su it_liquido
it_tessuto tr_pamuk
it_settimana tr_yıl
tr_teşvik it_approvazione
it_dominare tr_kontrol_etmek
tr_cihaz it_telefono
tr_konuşmacı it_inferno
it_pubertà tr_gençlik
it_pallacanestro tr_spor
it_corso tr_yol
it_contenitore tr_şişe
tr_sanat it_scultura
tr_hayalet it_spirito
tr_duvar it_dipartimento
tr_hafta it_anno
tr_bavul it_bagaglio
it_cavalcare tr_yürümek
it_richiesta tr_istek
tr_yulaf_ezmesi it_cibo
tr_ekmek it_calcio
tr_değerlendirmek it_giudicare
tr_eşek_şakası it_scherzo
tr_göstermek it_unire
tr_başlangıç it_fine
tr_doku it_ponte
it_navigatore tr_denizci
tr_göğüs it_corpo
tr_şemsiye it_ghiaccio
tr_sıvı it_sostanza
tr_vazgeçmek it_scuotere
tr_şemsiye it_protezione
it_fuoco tr_su
tr_not it_messaggio
it_cerimonia tr_cenaze
tr_heves it_tendenza
tr_kişi it_scalatore
it_sostantivo tr_sıfat
tr_ayak it_pianta
it_servitore tr_kadın_garson
it_gomma tr_malzeme
tr_kâşif it_navigatore
it_biscotto tr_narenciye
it_antenato tr_ebeveyn
tr_zincir it_fasciatura
it_associazione tr_grup
tr_keşiş it_avversario
it_linea tr_merhem
it_farmaco tr_ilaç
tr_dantel it_scarpa
tr_biyoloji it_scienza
tr_takı it_orecchino
it_sei tr_yedi
it_erodere tr_bozulmak
tr_mantar it_fungo
tr_kafiye it_cena
tr_sırt_çantası it_borsa
tr_ödev it_compito
tr_besleme it_morire_di_fame
it_conferenza tr_grup
it_salsiccia tr_gıda
it_uva tr_uç
tr_karnıbahar it_broccoli
tr_omuz it_gomito
tr_mürettebat it_gruppo
it_ufficiale tr_polis
tr_maymun it_umorismo
it_prosciutto tr_et
it_dovere tr_hizmet
tr_dönem it_ora
it_elefante tr_hayvan
it_ombrello tr_buz
it_nocca tr_parmak
tr_portakal it_albero
it_ufficiale tr_yasa
it_didascalia tr_teknik
it_bagel tr_yiyecek
tr_çelik it_lama
tr_deve it_animale
tr_iliştirmek it_collegare
tr_evlilik it_stato
tr_düşman it_nemico
it_numero tr_sekiz
it_statua tr_figür
it_lanciare tr_sinir_etmek
tr_yıldız it_galassia
tr_öldürmek it_soffocare
tr_araç it_televisione
it_ora tr_hayat
it_caffé tr_süt
tr_iddia_etmek it_dire
it_fusto tr_konteyner
it_zio tr_teyze
it_zero tr_numara
it_lapide tr_mezar
tr_meltem it_vento
tr_tabut it_bara
tr_kahverengi it_verde
tr_keçi it_capretto
tr_erkek_kardeş it_sorella
it_ascesa tr_iniş
tr_nişan it_impegno
it_fragola tr_gıda
it_pizzicare tr_dokunmak
it_cena tr_çekmece
tr_kadın it_braccialetto
tr_limuzin it_emicrania
it_armatura tr_çatı_katı
it_tenere tr_sarılmak
tr_ayak_bileği it_articolazione
tr_traktör it_camion
it_accusare tr_içmek
it_testa tr_vücut
tr_aktivite it_passatempo
it_giorno tr_hafta
tr_tüy it_flotta
tr_konuşmacı it_persona
tr_simit it_cibo
tr_azı_dişi it_dovere
it_sardina tr_gıda
it_integrità tr_çalışan
tr_motor it_treno
tr_konferans it_incontro
it_aspettare tr_tereddüt_etmek
it_vacanza tr_tatil
tr_suç it_innocenza
it_inverno tr_yaz
it_tagliare tr_uymak
tr_gümüş it_oro
tr_görev it_lavoro
tr_evlenmek it_sposare
tr_kral it_regina
it_capelli tr_memeli
tr_bilek it_braccio
tr_dirsek it_braccio
tr_kaldırmak it_scaricare
tr_kişi it_cittadino
tr_savunmak it_proteggere
tr_gün it_settimana
tr_kredi it_mora
it_tirare tr_atmak
tr_kurabiye it_cibo
tr_mesih it_gesù
tr_zaman it_era
tr_yetkinlik it_capacità
it_attraversamento tr_kaplumbağa
tr_görev it_dovere
tr_doku it_organo
it_splendere tr_parlamak
tr_kızdırmak it_trascorrere
tr_diken it_porcospino
it_gamberetto tr_ıstakoz
it_colonnello tr_subay
tr_bozmak it_dimenticare
it_rompere tr_çatlatmak
it_bisturi tr_kanarya
it_pronome tr_sözcük
tr_erik it_pera
tr_pamuk it_poliestere
tr_alev it_piacere
it_torta tr_yiyecek
it_seno tr_göğüs
tr_yakut it_cristallo
tr_ilaç it_sassofono
it_semaforo tr_işaret
tr_boğmak it_uccidere
tr_göçebe it_persona
tr_öğretmek it_informare
tr_zincir it_serratura
it_sport tr_voleybol
it_coniglio tr_sinagog
tr_uzuv it_gamba
it_scalatore tr_kişi
it_felicità tr_duygu
it_gettare tr_göstermek
tr_manşet it_manica
it_disordine tr_düzen
it_coda tr_su
it_stupro tr_suç
tr_hamak it_letto
it_dividere tr_yırtmak
tr_kanarya it_uccello
tr_yüz it_numero
tr_ev_ödevi it_lavoro
tr_ipucu it_indizio
it_geometria tr_matematik
it_fidanzato tr_kız_arkadaş
tr_yunus it_ossigeno
tr_su_samuru it_animale
tr_inşa_etmek it_creare
tr_söyle it_affermare
tr_cilt it_capelli
tr_reaksiyon it_effetto
tr_protein it_carne
it_schioccare tr_patlamak
it_dito tr_eldiven
it_cervo tr_geyik
it_catastrofe tr_trajedi
tr_mikrodalga it_apparecchio
it_alba tr_gün
tr_bank it_posto_a_sedere
it_scendere tr_yaratmak
tr_keman it_violino
it_progetto tr_unsur
it_video tr_televizyon
tr_sürücü it_corna
tr_kıvrım it_stringa
it_hamburger tr_kuş
it_schiena tr_vücut
tr_ülke it_regione
it_acqua tr_su_birikintisi
tr_onarmak it_rompere
tr_kanat it_pipistrello
it_avversario tr_koro
tr_mobilya it_sedia
tr_parıldamak it_brillare
tr_prosedür it_operazione
it_tacchino tr_et
tr_yeterlilik it_abilità
it_permettere tr_dönmek
tr_balta it_strumento
tr_birleştirmek it_sposare
tr_rahibe it_monaco
tr_hedef it_scalpello
it_rapa tr_bitki
tr_dal it_ramo
tr_hançer it_arma
tr_ilaç it_farmaco
it_topo tr_hayvan
tr_izin_vermek it_ritornare
tr_kauçuk it_materiale
tr_çürümek it_decomporsi
it_cristiano tr_kilise
it_palcoscenico tr_platform
it_tirare tr_itmek
tr_motosiklet it_veicolo
it_cavolfiore tr_yiyecek
tr_namlu it_pistola
tr_salmak it_tenere
it_sospettare tr_düşünmek
it_gioielli tr_küpe
tr_ayar it_misurare
it_divisione tr_grup
tr_hatırlamak it_chiedere
it_criticare tr_düşünce
it_peso tr_miktar
it_libertà tr_özgürlük
tr_işsizlik it_occupazione
tr_maaş it_salario
tr_kabak it_cibo
tr_kuzey it_direzione
it_pasto tr_abur_cubur
tr_küçük_kırmızı_meyve it_ciliegia
it_sentimento tr_kıskançlık
it_medicazione tr_saksofon
it_avere_successo tr_başarısız_olmak
tr_konteyner it_thermos
it_signora tr_kale
it_esempio tr_örnek
tr_tören it_funerale
it_campo tr_stadyum
it_volpe tr_hayvan
it_conoscenza tr_öngörü
tr_odak it_attenzione
it_latte tr_tereyağı
it_bicchiere tr_dolap
tr_vicdan_azabı it_pentimento
tr_dört it_numero
it_viale tr_sokak
tr_hikaye_konusu it_piano
it_tastiera tr_kol
it_strada tr_bulvar
it_poesia tr_yazı
tr_domuz_eti it_carne
tr_kütük it_albero
it_procedura tr_gözyaşı
it_rivista tr_not_defteri
it_cucina tr_yatak_odası
it_raccogliere tr_elde_etmek
it_pesca tr_armut
it_fiore tr_kanguru
tr_limuzin it_auto
tr_lokanta it_ristorante
it_prodotto tr_liman
it_calcio tr_basketbol
it_oliva tr_yiyecek
it_piccolo_insetto tr_böcek
tr_aşınmak it_deteriorare
tr_inanç it_religione
tr_kahve it_latte
tr_kapatmak it_finire
tr_gölge it_luce
tr_görme it_percezione
it_valigia tr_valiz
it_macchina_da_scrivere tr_makine
it_seguire_le_tracce tr_takip_etmek
tr_bariyer it_muro
tr_bacak it_estremità
it_classe tr_grup
it_melodia tr_tını
tr_alto it_tenore
tr_naylon it_materiale
tr_maymun it_animale
it_baseball tr_spor
it_nuotare tr_batmak
tr_meyve_pastası it_torta
it_lavoro tr_ev_ödevi
tr_turşu it_cibo
tr_hareket_etmek it_rimorchiare
tr_eğri it_superstizione
it_affermazione tr_tez
tr_duygu it_sentimento
it_lontra tr_hayvan
it_pesce_persico tr_balık
tr_yüzmek it_affondare
tr_bülten it_notizia
it_cameriera tr_sunucu
tr_hatırlamak it_ricordare
it_tenore tr_ezik
it_era tr_zaman
it_calcio tr_top
tr_flüt it_strumento
it_tecnica tr_bilgi
it_brodo tr_çorba
tr_suçlama it_bere
it_motociclo tr_araç
tr_goril it_primate
tr_buğday it_cereale
it_leone tr_kaplan
it_corso tr_sokak
tr_tabanca it_arma
it_microscopio tr_teleskop
tr_fikir_ayrılığı it_disaccordo
tr_caz it_musica
tr_dişi_koyun it_pecora
tr_aşınmak it_decomporsi
it_massimo tr_uç
it_cassiere tr_kişi
it_dirigente tr_kişi
tr_inşa_etmek it_rompere
tr_kabul_etmek it_ignorare
it_collo tr_akış
tr_bölmek it_strappare
it_danno tr_zarar
tr_et it_umano
it_polmone tr_organ
it_artista tr_yaratıcı
tr_kova it_barile
it_paradiso tr_cehennem
it_avvertire tr_öğüt_vermek
tr_voleybol it_sport
it_limousine tr_migren
it_spiegare tr_ifade_etmek
tr_kask it_tasca
tr_zincir it_bicicletta
it_fidanzamento tr_bağlılık
tr_değişiklik it_persuadere
it_persona tr_vatandaş
tr_yıldız it_simbolo
it_dare tr_göndermek
tr_ezmek it_demolire
tr_güç it_gravità
it_vista tr_algı
it_restituire tr_göndermek
it_conferenza tr_toplantı
tr_kopmak it_fare_scoppiare
tr_kimya it_scienza
tr_kedi it_aspetto
tr_iplik it_filo
tr_tost_makinası it_apparecchio
it_povertà tr_disiplin
it_corridore tr_atlet
tr_metre it_unità
it_prestigio tr_statü
tr_sıfat it_parola
tr_elmas it_cristallo
it_maionese tr_gıda
tr_ev_ödevi it_progetto
tr_eş it_compagno
it_grattacielo tr_bina
tr_dolandırıcı it_malattia
tr_anne it_padre
it_dritta tr_tuvalet
tr_şekil it_prisma
it_salvare tr_kaza
it_animale tr_ileti
it_analisi tr_trigonometri
tr_köpekbalığı it_pesce
tr_kereviz it_verdura
it_regione tr_ortak
tr_ipek it_cotone
tr_mutluluk it_emozione
it_hamburger tr_yiyecek
tr_karaciğer it_biologo
it_animale tr_ördek
tr_memeli it_cane
tr_futbol it_sport
it_oboe tr_müzik_aleti
it_allegare tr_bağlamak
it_capo tr_kral
tr_kapmak it_prendere
tr_yığın it_mucchio
it_spinaci tr_sebze
it_ritardo tr_acele
it_cacciavite tr_alet
it_asia tr_afrika
it_isola tr_arazi
it_sovrano tr_diktatör
tr_cevap it_domanda
tr_gıda it_orzo
it_centinaio tr_numara
tr_kaşık it_forchetta
tr_mutfak it_camera_da_letto
it_arma tr_hançer
tr_kabul_etmek it_negare
tr_traktör it_veicolo
tr_kasiyer it_persona
it_inzuppare tr_daldırma
it_occhio tr_yüz
tr_hayvan it_messaggio
tr_kadın_iç_çamaşırı it_biancheria_intima
tr_limuzin it_veicolo
tr_gökada it_universo
tr_alkol it_sostanza
it_capo tr_toplu_iğne
it_piramide tr_şekil
tr_şahin it_aquila
it_argilla tr_tuğla
tr_deniztarağı it_cibo
it_pollice tr_parmak
tr_jambon it_carne
it_prendere_in_prestito tr_rahatsız_etmek
it_compito tr_vazife
it_mattina tr_zeka
it_tacco tr_ayakkabı
it_tramonto tr_gün_doğumu
tr_altı it_sette
it_frittata tr_gıda
tr_pastel_boya it_evidenziatore
it_castoro tr_hayvan
tr_yapı it_architettura
tr_pozisyon it_luogo
tr_ebeveyn it_bambino
tr_kapakçık it_cuore
tr_satın_almak it_acquistare
it_proboscide tr_fil
tr_işçi it_meccanico
it_arrossire tr_açıklamak
tr_turp it_verdura
it_insegnante tr_profesyonel
tr_cadı it_lavoro
tr_sivrisinek it_saggezza
tr_casus it_agente
tr_çizmek it_creare
it_emicrania tr_baş_ağrısı
tr_tutmak it_catturare
tr_sormak it_richiamare
tr_taslak it_schizzo
it_fare_un'osservazione tr_öldürmek
it_sorella tr_kızlar_birliği
tr_maydanoz it_cibo
tr_test it_esame
it_dare_un'occhiata tr_bakmak
tr_havuç it_cibo
tr_efsane it_mitologia
it_procione tr_hayvan
it_proteina tr_süt
it_forcone tr_araç
tr_kişi it_cassiere
it_stella tr_galaksi
it_difendere tr_korumak
tr_satış_elemanı it_persona
it_mamma tr_ebeveyn
tr_hisse it_capitale
it_pranzo tr_keman
it_zia tr_gezegen
it_mano tr_kol
tr_silah it_arma
it_cercare tr_muayene_etmek
tr_politikacı it_senatore
tr_mısır it_cibo
it_calcolare tr_teslim_etmek
tr_fırlatmak it_lanciare
it_compito tr_iş
it_nord tr_yön
it_forza tr_yerçekimi
tr_raketbol it_sport
it_padre tr_ata
tr_kafein it_problema
tr_ifade_vermek it_raccontare
tr_idol it_spada
it_divano tr_sandalye
it_canticchiare tr_ıslık_çalmak
tr_yol it_leopardo
tr_deniz_tarağı it_cozza
it_capasanta tr_yiyecek
it_schiena tr_omuz
it_dividere tr_eklemek
tr_çıkış it_discesa
it_marmo tr_taş
tr_beşik it_trattamento
tr_zahmet_etmek it_contare
tr_köy it_paese
it_pianta tr_hayvan
it_scrivere tr_konuşmak
it_poesia tr_sone
tr_orak it_strumento
tr_çağ it_tempo
tr_kumaş it_cotone
it_padre tr_oğul
tr_deri it_materiale
it_dente tr_testere
tr_kuğu it_animale
it_salmone tr_balık
tr_gözlemek it_fermarsi
tr_ata it_genitore
tr_yumurta it_latte
tr_iskambil it_gioco
it_infastidire tr_saymak
it_forma tr_üçgen
tr_tenis it_attività
tr_kiriş it_supporto
tr_hidrojen it_elio
it_cavità tr_sıçan
tr_şimdiki_zaman it_futuro
tr_soda it_bevanda
tr_süt it_burro
tr_yoksulluk it_disciplina
it_discorso tr_ders
it_fallire tr_işletmek
tr_kaz it_animale
it_coniglio tr_hayvan
tr_hobi it_attività
tr_eş it_arte
tr_kitap it_enciclopedia
tr_sigorta it_sicurezza
tr_ayırmak it_dividere
it_negozio tr_dükkan
it_mese tr_yıl
it_lavoratore tr_teknisyen
it_tenere tr_güçleştirmek
it_orzo tr_ot
tr_şiir it_sonetto
tr_yelek it_camicia
tr_grip it_malattia
it_orchidea tr_bitki
it_bagagliaio tr_araba
it_tromba tr_müzik_aleti
tr_değiştirmek it_modificare
it_tessuto tr_köprü
tr_program it_piano
it_lavoratore tr_duvarcı_ustası
it_somma tr_miktar
tr_gelmek it_partire
tr_peri_masalı it_storia
tr_yazı it_poesia
tr_anayasa it_documento
it_capovolgere tr_savunmak
it_martello tr_kanser
it_punta tr_kalem
tr_hat it_unguento
it_punizione tr_ödül
tr_pamuk it_materiale
tr_içki it_alcol
tr_dokuz it_numero
tr_hızlandırmak it_costruire
it_mezzogiorno tr_gün
it_ponte tr_gemi
tr_on_iki it_dozzina
it_strumento tr_trompet
it_scrittura tr_hikaye
it_veleno tr_zehir
it_ghiaia tr_taş
tr_ayak it_sedia
tr_üretici it_creatore
tr_kabul_etmek it_ristabilire
tr_kuzu it_animale
it_catena tr_bandaj
it_caravan tr_araç
tr_pembe it_viola
tr_gecikmek it_mostrare
tr_polis it_ufficiale
tr_bölüm it_dramma
tr_sıçan it_animale
it_arte tr_heykel
it_lettera tr_posta
tr_kafein it_caffè
it_influenza tr_hastalık
tr_konferans it_gruppo
it_pianoforte tr_enstrüman
it_giglio tr_bitki
it_corso_d'acqua tr_hat
it_stuzzicare tr_sinir_etmek
it_caffeina tr_kahve
it_coniglietto tr_tavşan
it_gabbiano tr_kuş
it_tastiera tr_piyano
it_cattedrale tr_hasar
tr_yüzücü it_corridore
tr_boyama it_lavatrice
tr_yulaf it_cereale
it_quattro tr_iki
tr_ön it_retro
tr_profesyonel it_dilettante
tr_teğmen it_coraggio
it_grano tr_tahıl
tr_yaratıcı it_artista
tr_eşya it_lavastoviglie
it_incenso tr_koku
it_erodere tr_çürümek
it_scacchi tr_oyun
tr_mobilya it_poltrona
it_parlare tr_iletişim_kurmak
it_passatempo tr_aktivite
tr_unutmak it_negare
tr_aşk it_sentimento
it_cozza tr_deniz_ürünleri
tr_ipek it_materiale
tr_atom it_materia
it_mais tr_yiyecek
tr_sonbahar it_stagione
it_retro tr_ön
it_emicrania tr_ağrı
tr_metodist it_battista
tr_ilerlemek it_ritirarsi
tr_duyurmak it_dire
tr_metre it_misura
tr_kabiliyetsizlik it_capacità
it_ricordare tr_hatırlamak
tr_keman it_strumento
it_chitarra tr_müzik_aleti
it_dilettante tr_mülk
tr_yengeç it_cibo
tr_heykel it_arte
tr_ceket it_camino
tr_eş it_matrimonio
it_jet tr_uçak
it_giocattolo tr_oyuncak
it_bollire tr_dondurmak
it_oca tr_kuş
tr_konuşma it_lezione
tr_balık it_squalo
it_chirurgia tr_tatil
tr_erkek_geyik it_cervo
it_elefante tr_görevli
it_orecchino tr_yüzük
tr_toplamak it_selezionare
it_stoppino tr_mum
it_mangusta tr_hayvan
tr_olimpiyatlar it_evento
it_trattore tr_kamyon
it_mucca tr_hayvan
it_fucile tr_tabanca
tr_karnıbahar it_cibo
it_suolo tr_zemin
it_nazione tr_bölge
